"jobListingId"	"title"	"company"	"last_updated"	"salary_min_est"	"salary_max_est"	"salary_est"	"review"	"url"	"run_time"	"description"
"3005917854"	"Manager, Business Intelligence"	"AbleTo"	2019-01-20	88	122	105	3.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=429252&s=149&guid=0000016876dfc0109e2d07ad1bcefcd4&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_b7998baa&cb=1548182602365&jobListingId=3005917854"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	" AbleTo, Inc. is a market leader in providing technology-enabled behavioral health care. AbleTo has been treating patients for over six years, and improves patient outcomes and lowers costs by providing treatment that integrates behavioral and medical health care. AbleTo's structured therapy programs strengthen medical recovery and self-care among members with chronic or complex clinical needs. AbleTo analytics, coupled with our multi-channel engagement platform, identify and engage members with unmet, often undiagnosed, behavioral health needs. A proprietary platform connects individuals and their care teams with AbleTo licensed providers who deliver weekly sessions by phone or video supported by an integrated digital experience. AbleTo programs are clinically proven to improve both behavioral health and medical outcomes while lowering overall spending for higher-cost, higher-risk members.  The business intelligence team plays a key role at AbleTo, as data is integral to nearly everything that we do. The manager will bring technical leadership to the team, ensure that we are implementing business intelligence best practices at AbleTo, and act as the face of BI to various internal departments. They will also partner cross functionally with department owners to identify and prioritize opportunities to inject analytics and use of data to improve performance.  Technical Leadership Work in a uniquely cross-functional capacity, helping teams across the organization apply analytical rigor to their decision-makingManage inbound reporting requests – must be highly organized and able to manage time across multiple competing prioritiesServe as a technical thought leader to the business intelligence teamDrive the continuous improvement of team’s capabilities & tools Stakeholder Management Prioritize business intelligence projects based on company objectivesOwn, present and explain findings to various stakeholders across the companyBS in Computer Science, Mathematics, Operations Research, or other related disciplineExperience in Healthcare industry preferred4+ years relevant work experience Competencies: Strong proficiency with SQLStrong familiarity with BI tools such as Looker (preferred) or TableauExperience working on GCP and/or AWS platforms is a plusExperience with Python is a plusAbleTo is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.AbleTo is an E-Verify company.Upon the acceptance of an offer to enter into this agreement, AbleTo requires the satisfactory completion of reference and background checks and successful completion of drug testing in accordance with local, state and federal laws."
"3089407629"	"Sr. Data Analyst"	"adMarketplace"	2019-01-17	86	116	100	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=414473&s=149&guid=0000016876dfb8df9571f95d94515efa&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_6032dc13&cb=1548182600625&jobListingId=3089407629"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	" Data Analyst, Sr. – NYC - Fully handle PubSmart opns, incl. analyzing qualified traffic sources, automating manual processes & monitoring traffic perf. Dsgn & create analytic repts/dashboards for biz & tech users. Improve efficiency of dif jobs based on biz reqs. Perf data validation during ad engine releases. Rsrch on data sci. methods to improve or dsgn new algos. REQ: Master’s Bus. Analytics, Mktg or related + min 1 yr related exp. Resume: adMarketplace, 1385 Broadway, 19th Fl, New York, NY 10018"
"3064727332"	"Business Intelligence Engineer"	"Amazon"	2019-01-16	69	101	86	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=117&ao=133043&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_c418213d&cb=1548182602452&jobListingId=3064727332"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	" Do you enjoy working in an entrepreneurial environment delivering innovative solutions? Are you excited about bringing science to the art of new products?  Amazons video advertisement is looking for a passionate, insightful, results-oriented business intelligence engineer to help manage our ever-growing information needs and support analysis of increasingly complex business questions. Were a V1 startup that leverages interactive streaming video to create new shopping experiences for customers. Our team is launching a new program that enables brands to connect with customers in relevant and engaging ways in advertising their products.  As a Business Intelligence Engineer, you will focus on building a scalable BIE platform, the development of reporting, analytics and decision support that would help shape our business and product features. You should have excellent technical, business and communication skills to be able to work with business partners and development teams to define and prioritize key business questions, data sets and analysis that answer those questions. Responsibilities: · Interfacing with business groups to gather data and metrics requirements.  · Translate analytic insights into concrete, actionable recommendations for business or product improvement  · Identifying data needs and driving data quality improvement projects.  · Collaborating with engineers to implement the design of the data architecture.  · Supporting strategic data analysis requests. Basic Qualifications · Bachelor's degree or higher in an analytical area such as Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering or similar.  · 5+ years of experience as a BI Engineer, Business/Financial Analyst or Systems Analyst preferably in an internet-based company with large, complex data sources, or in an analysis or research role with progressively increasing responsibility.  · Proficient in using SQL, ETL, Data Warehouse solutions and databases in a business environment with large-scale, complex datasets.  · Proven analytical and quantitative skills and an ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions, develop business cases, and complete root cause analyses.  · Strong verbal/written communication and data presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams."
"3005260788"	"Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Assembly"	2019-01-19	76	103	87	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=110&ao=4341&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_7848b6d5&cb=1548182602452&jobListingId=3005260788"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	"Summary Data drives strategy. Assemblys Data Science & Analytics practice helps internal and client stakeholders take a scientific approach towards optimizing critical business and marketing decisions. Our forward-thinking in Data Science & Analytics is a key differentiator that has contributed to Assemblys recognition as Ad Ages 2018 Media Agency of the Year.  This position is for self-starters who believe that data should drive insights. They can change perceptions through data and will be responsible for measuring and communicating the effectiveness of media to internal and external stakeholders. Job Requirements2+ years of experience in an analytical roleDesign & execute analytical reporting dashboards to improve the effectiveness of digital online and offline marketing programs. Recommend appropriate analytic methodologies and approaches. Be a subject matter expert for analytics and techniques, including A/B testingDesign and enhance media planning optimization reports across channels such as Programmatic, Social, and TV platforms using TableauDevelop visualizations in Excel and PowerPoint to illustrate campaign performance dataPartner with internal channel & planning teams to develop monthly and quarterly reports, trends, insights, and recommendationsAssist with the development of a measurement and learning plan including establishing campaign performance benchmarks, goals, and projectionsDevise Ad Hoc analyses including but not limited to: ROI analysis, Churn Analysis, Reach/Frequency Analysis, TV Attribution, Audience SegmentationCollaborate with Data Engineering in data management efforts; project manage the ingestion of 3rd party data sourcesCoordinate with Ad Operations to implement and QA measurement and trackingAutomate data pulls from the internal data warehouse to front-end dashboardsExcellent communications skills. Strong presentation skillsTechnical SkillsProficiency in data visualization software (eg. Tableau) and querying languages like SQLAbility to QA and troubleshoot dataFamiliarity with programming languages like Python and RFamiliarity with media measurement and the digital marketing ecosystemStrong analytical skills with a solid foundation in statistical techniquesA desire to look at the bigger picture and translate data into strategy"
"3090709147"	"Business Analyst"	"Axtria"	2019-01-18	77	116	96	3.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=111&ao=359595&s=58&guid=0000016876dfb8df835aff3994fbd3ac&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_6ca1bf1a&cb=1548182600659&jobListingId=3090709147"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	"IntroductionAxtria is a global big data analytics company. We empower leaders across the Life Sciences and Financial Services industries to make better data-driven decisions.Our data analytics and software platforms support data science, commercial operations and cloud information management. We help to optimize business strategy by delivering cutting edge analytics from the broadest set of data sources, combined with deep technical and domain expertise. We enable commercial excellence by eliminating spreadsheets and delivering analytical guidance to the field through Axtria SalesIQ™, our cloud based sales planning and operations platform. We are leaders in managing data using the latest cloud information management and big data technologies.We have more than 900 employees worldwide, we are growing rapidly, and we are proud to count 8 of the top 10 global Life Sciences companies and 2 of the Top 5 global banks as our customers. We serve clients with a high-touch on-site and onshore presence, leveraged by a global delivery platformResponsibilities:Elicit requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, business analysis, task and workflow analysis.Critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, abstract up from low-level information to a general understanding, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs.Proactively communicate and collaborate with external and internal customers to analyze information needs and functional requirements and deliver the following artifacts as needed: (Functional requirements (Business Requirements Document), Use Cases, GUI, Screen and Interface designs)Experience in using enterprise-wide requirements definition and management systems and methodologies required.Successfully engage in multiple initiatives simultaneouslyWork independently with users to define concepts and under direction of project managersDrive and challenge business units on their assumptions of how they will successfully execute their plansStrong analytical and project management skills required, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret customer business needs and translate them into application and operational requirements.Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group, executives, managers, and subject matter experts.Serves as the conduit between the customer community (internal and external customers) and the software development team through which requirements flow.Develop requirements specifications according to standard templates, using natural language.Collaborate with developers and subject matter experts to establish the technical vision and analyze tradeoffs between usability and performance needs.Be the liaison between the business units, technology teams and support teamsRequired Skills & ExperienceBachelor's degree preferred.5+ years analyst experience preferred.Working knowledge of business processes, system development and process improvements.Proficient in gathering business requirements using process flows and use cases.Expertise in mapping as-is and to-be business processes.Understanding of technology capabilities and limitations.Experience in creating dashboards/reports for various stakeholders in pharma – Field reps, Field management, managed markets etc.Familiarity with KPIs for pharma sales and marketingExperience with Pharma commercial data like Sales, Claims, Payers, Specialty pharmacyUnderstanding of Pharma commercial operations concepts like alignments, targeting, reporting, incentivesExperience designing and reviewing test cases.Excellent verbal and written communication skills.Logistics and Location:We are hiring for Chicago, ILU.S. Citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply.Flexibility to travel and/or relocate within the US as per project requirements The exact nature of duties as well as the salary and compensation package will be commensurate with experience and salary history"
"3088017869"	"Data Analytics - Analyst"	"Barclays"	2019-01-16	85	134	108	3.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=352789&s=58&guid=0000016876dfb8df835aff3994fbd3ac&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_68c0d09d&cb=1548182600659&jobListingId=3088017869"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	"Description JobTitle: Data Analytics Analyst - 90218326 AboutUs Barclaysis a transatlantic consumer, corporate and investment bank offering productsand services across personal, corporate and investment banking, credit cardsand wealth management, with a strong presence in our two home markets of the UKand the US. Our goal is to become the bank of choice by providing superiorservices to customers and clients and supporting our stakeholders via acommercially successful business that generates long-term sustainable returns.  About Barclays in the US  Barclays offers corporateand investment banking and credit card services in the US. Our 10,000 UScolleagues are located in offices across the country, with headquarters in NewYork City. In 2017, Barclays announced plans to create a world-class campus inWhippany, New Jersey, for our Technology, Operations and Functional teams inthe US. Other principal locations include Delaware, Nevada, Ohio and Maine.  About Barclays Internal Audit  Barclays Internal Audit(BIA) Vision: Leaders in Assurance  ·BeBrilliant: Leading edge assurance; Leading edge people; Leading edge thinking  ·BeImpactful: In the business; In the community and In the profession  ·BeAgile: Be independent, a respected voice, innovative and efficient.  BIAOverview:BIA aims to provideindependent, reliable, valued, insightful and timely assurance to the Board andexecutive management over the effectiveness of governance, risk management andcontrol over current and evolving risks, in the context of the current andexpected business environment and in accordance with the internationalstandards definition of internal auditing.  Overall Purpose of role  Work collaboratively with others acrossBIA, while developing strong client relationships which are independent and beseen as a respected voice.Developpractical and innovative ways of improving audit delivery through the use of dataanalytics.  YourRole ·Developsustainable and re-useable Data Analytics test to improve the efficiency of BIAand to improve audit coverage.  ·Supportaudit delivery teams to identify opportunities for Data Analytics.  ·Providetraining to audit staff on how to develop and execute basic analytics.  ·Maintaina library of re-usable data analytics.  ·Maintainappropriate documentation of code and create data dictionary includingdefinitions (where appropriate).  ·Buildself-service tools/dashboards/warehouse/data lakes. Maintain common data usedby audit delivery teams.  ·Assistwith data cleaning and preparation for audit delivery teams.  BasicQualifications/Skills ·2+years practical experience and expert level knowledge of data analysis withany RDBMS/SQL.  ·1+years Data Analysis/Mining/Scripting experience R/Python/SAS.  ·1+years Data Visualisation experience in PythonDjango/Tableau/Spotfire/Qlikview/d3.js.  PreferredQualifications/Skills ·Experiencewith advanced analytics/Machine learning (DecisionTrees/Clustering/HMM/Tensorflow).  ·Experiencein data warehouse design, Informatica, Unix.  ·Analyticsexperience within an internal/external audit or risk management function.  ·Degreein Computer Science / Statistics or related discipline.  ·Knowledgeabout new and emerging data analytics technologies.  ·Experiencewith Financial Services/Financial Products.  Risk andControl Objective All Barclayscolleagues have to ensure that all activities and duties are carried out infull compliance with regulatory requirements, Enterprise Wide Risk ManagementFramework and internal Barclays Policies and Policy Standards."
"3091798589"	"Data Warehousing/Business Intelligence Director"	"Caresoft"	2019-01-19	115	152	133	3.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=454816&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_beaf5b1e&cb=1548182602451&jobListingId=3091798589"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	" Job Responsibilities Provide leadership to a team of data engineers, while also rolling up your sleeves and doing some hands-on work yourself Analysis, design, coding, performance tuning, and implementation of new BI solutions. Evaluation, maintenance, and enhancement of existing ETL processes and modelcube structures. Creation of BI dashboards and workbooks using Power BI, Tableau, and Excel. Code data ingest solutions (C, NodeJS) leveraging 3rd party APIs. Daily triage of bugs and tasks. Lead a team of data warehousing engineers, acting as liaison to internal and 3rd party clients and providing regular updates to management. Skills Required Hands-on leadershipmanagerial experience Must have Tabular data warehouse design experience including a solid understanding of MDXDAX, calculated measures, hierarchies, slowly changing dimensions, and datetime dimension analysis. Advanced level of experience with Microsoft SQL Server, SSAS and SSMS (Management Studio) Hands-on experience with SSIS or other similar ETL tools Demonstrated strength with T-SQL for database queries, procedures, tables, views, etc. Proven skills with data visualization tools Microsoft Excel (PowerPivot, Pivot Tables, Slicers) Power BI and Tableau (dashboard design, configuration and advanced calculations) Ability to work with .Net development tool Visual Studio 2017 to write code, make changes, and deploy updates. Experience with storage devices and connectivity tools such as AWS development tools NodeJS and Lambda Functions. A basic understanding of HTML, CSS, and web page deployment. Excellent written and verbal skills and the ability to present to upper management. A good understanding of basketball. Click below to apply or below or feel free to reach 732-533-2324"
"3088457255"	"Finance Manager, Planning & Analysis"	"Colgate-Palmolive"	2019-01-16	110	147	127	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=109&ao=101273&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_19f720f6&cb=1548182602452&jobListingId=3088457255"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	" Colgate-Palmolive is a leading global consumer products company, tightly focused on Oral Care, Personal Care, Home Care and Pet Nutrition. Colgate sells its products in over 200 countries and territories around the world under such internationally recognized brand names as Colgate, Palmolive, Speed Stick, Lady Speed Stick, Softsoap, Irish Spring, Protex, Sorriso, Kolynos, elmex, Tom’s of Maine, Sanex, Ajax, Axion, Fabuloso, Soupline and Suavitel, as well as Hill’s Science Diet, Hill’s Prescription Diet and Hill’s Ideal Balance.  For more information about Colgate’s global business, visit the Company’s web site at http://www.colgatepalmolive.com. To learn more about Colgate Bright Smiles, Bright Futures® oral health education program, please visit http://www.colgatebsbf.com. To learn more about Hill's and the Hill’s Food, Shelter & Love program please visit hillspet.com. To learn more about Tom’s of Maine please visit http://www.tomsofmaine.com.  Location: New York, New York, United States  Relocation Assistance Offered Within Country  # 71343 Position Purpose: The role of the Colgate Oral Pharmaceuticals (COP) business unit is to drive oral care leadership with dental professionals by securing the endorsement of the Colgate equity (Total TP) and providing high-quality in-office and Over-The-Counter specialty products. The COP Commercial Organization operates in 3 channels in the US: Distributor (sales to dental professional), Wholesalers (sales of prescription products), and OTC retail sales (drug, mass, and food class of trade).     Finance Planning & Analysis department provides a high degree of support to the COP Commercial Team     The role of Finance Manager, Planning & Analysis, is the driver of Finance support to the Commercial Team: Supports the COP Marketing & Business Development (Sales Planning) Organizations by providing fact-based information and financial models that facilitate accurate and timely business decisionsDrives the Budgeting / LE (Latest Estimate) process including development of 5-year strategic plan P&L’s (Profits and Loss)Objectively challenges commercial forecasts and assumptions to evaluate financial risks and opportunities and will share point of view or recommend potential solutionsAnalyzes the monthly P&L close: Brand reporting, Sales Growth analysis, Channel analysisSupports all new product/acquisition opportunities with value-added analysisSupports COP Business Development team in determination of financial/contractual obligations to Henry Schein (COP’s exclusive dental distributor)Project lead responsible for timely/seamless implementation on Finance-related corporate/strategic initiatives including SOX and MDM initiativesFully responsible for contents of PA (Profitability Analysis) module in SAPFully responsible for the contents of BI (business intelligence) and BI reporting tools (local and global)Responsible for all category data submissions to the corporationActive presenter in monthly ComGrowth (COP Commercial Growth) meetingsAn active participant in bi-weekly SAM (COP’s Sales and Marketing) meetingsWorks closely with Supply Chain Finance to determine budget/LE/actual P&L impact of manufacturing cost absorption.Liaise with all Finance departments on all Budget/LE/Actual issuesSupports COP SKU (Stock Keeping Unit) rationalization effortsDemonstrates the ability to interpret business data and trends to offer value-added business recommendations to the commercial teamProactively troubleshoots and identifies Budget / LE issues   Qualifications:Position requires market focused finance professional with strong analytical skills and an in-depth knowledge of Brand Accounting / Support of Commercial Operations. Prior experience in this area is essential. Strong excelThis position requires SAP PA “power-user” expertise (PA & BI Modules).Strong cross-functional, interpersonal, planning/priority setting and influence/negotiation skills.Accounting Degree required.CPA (Certified Public Accountant), MBA (Masters of Business Administration), CMA (Certified Management Accountant) certification a plus. Are you interested in working for Colgate-Palmolive? You can apply to work with us using this online application. Attach all relevant documents such as a cover letter and resume or CV. Applications received by e-mail are not considered in the selection process.  Become part of our team. We look forward to your application.  Equal Opportunity Employer  Colgate is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law."
"3064645222"	"Business Intelligence Reporting Analyst"	"Columbia University"	2019-01-16	69	102	83	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=126&ao=4120&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_3a2d8da0&cb=1548182602452&jobListingId=3064645222"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	" The College of Dental Medicine's (CDM) three-fold mission is to educate dental students, provide comprehensive outpatient dental care, and conduct research. There are approximately 430 faculty, 410 students/residents, and nearly 200 staff.  The Business intelligence Reporting Analyst will work in a small application development team and will initially be responsible for developing complex dashboard and reporting solutions that will sometimes require the build out of new data structures and models to achieve performance characteristics. The incumbent will work directly with end users to understand their requirements which will require strong interpersonal and analytical skills and a desire to solve users' problems. Reporting solutions may be built to meet administrative, financial, educational or management goals with a primary focus on the patient care clinic. Over time it is expected that the reporting analyst will next develop database administration (DBA) skills expanding responsibilities to perform such tasks. The opportunity also exists for the right candidate to expand responsibilities to become a full stack software engineer."
"2963802279"	"Business Intelligence Engineer"	"Condé Nast"	2019-01-17	90	127	110	2.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=114&ao=195873&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_fc333478&cb=1548182602452&jobListingId=2963802279"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	"Business Intelligence Developer Support and maintain existing all BI applications and systems.Work directly with business stakeholders to develop BI solutionsDevelop Dashboards using tools such as Qlik, Birst, Tableau and Microsoft Reporting Services.Promote the need for self-serve analytics and partner with the business to create new ways to explore and visualize dataBuild the reporting data model and help the data engineering team with creating views , SQL scripts etc.Ensure that the design and operation of the BI solutions are appropriate to meet the information and decision support requirements of the business.Push the boundaries of data visualization by creating new and interesting ways to do analysis or storytelling.Maintain full documentation for BI solutions and related services together with associated communications documents.Interact with business users to gather and define business requirements and translate business requirements into technical specifications. JOB REQUIREMENTS: BS in Computers Science /Information Systems preferred but appropriate business/technical experience acceptable3+ years’ experience in applications programming development and production support3+ years’ experience developing applications in Qlik or a similar tool (Tableau, Birst, PowerBI)Must be proficient in developing and troubleshooting SQLExperience with data modelling methodologies a plusExperience with Java, PHP, HTML, JavaScript, d3 a plus.Excellent communication skills are needed with demonstrated ability to work with multiple organizational functions and levels."
"3089654173"	"People Analytics - Reporting and Insights"	"D. E. Shaw & Co."	2019-01-17	139	211	173	4.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=133127&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_4431bb48&cb=1548182602452&jobListingId=3089654173"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	" What you’ll do day-to-dayThis team member will be responsible for providing a suite of reports to business leaders while identifying innovative ways to improve the quality of talent insights through dashboards, whitepapers, and firmwide reporting. Ample opportunities will be provided to develop insightful analytical products for leaders in human capital, business operations, and front office groups to help them answer important questions about their workforce.Who we're looking forWe are searching for candidates with a bachelor’s degree or higher and zero to three years of work experience analyzing data in a business setting. Those who have an enthusiastic curiosity and are adept at using data to solve business problems will excel in this role.The ability to package together insights from data, weave them together into a compelling narrative, and develop visually pleasing analytical products for an executive audience is key.Familiarity with statistics—especially within a social science setting—and business intelligence tools such as Excel, Tableau, etc. is of great importance. Familiarity with scripting languages such as SQL, R, Python, etc. is preferred but not required.Individuals who possess a dedicated customer service mentality, excellent interpersonal communication skills, an ability to see how small details impact the bigger picture, and a knack for rapid problem solving are highly sought after.Willingness to readily dive in to details, collaborate effectively with teammates, and drive projects to completion is imperative. The ability to exercise extreme discretion with confidential information is also a must.People analytics experience is preferred but not required.The members of the D. E. Shaw group do not discriminate in employment matters on the basis of race, color,  religion, gender, pregnancy, national origin, age, military service eligibility, veteran status, sexual  orientation, marital status, disability, or any other category protected by law. Note that for us, this is more  than just a legal boilerplate. We are genuinely committed to these principles, which form an important part of  our corporate culture, and are eager to hear from extraordinarily well qualified individuals having a wide range  of backgrounds and personal characteristics.  Candidates to positions in D. E. Shaw group offices in the European Union (any such candidate, an \"EU  Candidate\") should click here for our EU Recruitment Personal Data Privacy Notice. The D. E. Shaw group may collect, use, hold, transfer, and process candidates'' resumes and associated  information (including personal information contained therein) for purposes reasonably related to their  application, including without limitation: review and management of employment applications and supporting  materials; administration and management of offers to and communication with candidates; and administration,  management, and improvement of the recruiting operations of the D. E. Shaw group; and/or where reasonably  required in connection with a proposed sale, spin-out, reorganization, or outsourcing of all or some of the  business of the D. E. Shaw group. The D. E. Shaw group will not use such information for purposes unrelated to  the foregoing, such as direct marketing of third-party products to candidates, without candidate consent. As  used herein, the term \"personal information\" is meant to broadly describe information identifying or relating to  a specific individual; it is intended to encompass \"personal data,\" \"sensitive personal data,\" and \"personally  identifiable information\" and similar terms, as those terms are defined by law in the jurisdictions in which the D. E. Shaw group operates.  The D. E. Shaw group may transfer such personal information within and outside the country and jurisdiction of  the locations where the D. E. Shaw group maintains offices, to other D. E. Shaw group affiliates, to government  and regulatory authorities, and to third parties which provide or may provide support and/or services to the  D. E. Shaw group and for the purposes set forth above. The persons who may have access to this personal information  are other employees of the D. E. Shaw group, in connection with the performance of their duties of employment,  and the other parties listed above, in connection with the business of the D. E. Shaw group. (Of course,  candidates will be considered for employment opportunities only in those countries in which they express  interest.)  The D. E. Shaw group will use reasonable care to maintain the confidentiality of personal information  (including appropriate technical measures against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against  accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, such information) and will retain such data as  required by applicable law or regulation. Candidates have the right to request access to, and correction of,  their personal information in accordance with applicable law; any such request should be submitted  to recruiting-inquiries@deshaw.com.  Candidates who have submitted a resume to the D. E. Shaw group  and do not wish to proceed with their applications should email cvwithdraw@deshaw.com.  Personal information of candidates who have been the subject of background checks may have  been transferred in accordance with applicable regulations, including without limitation the E.U.-U.S.  Privacy Shield; any concerns with such transfers should be submitted to backgroundcheck-inquiries@deshaw.com.  The D. E. Shaw group may retain candidates’ information for use in future recruitment exercises;  candidates who  do not agree to such future use should email recruiting-inquiries@deshaw.com.New York City HQ  1166 Avenue of the Americas  New York, NY 10036"
"3090172800"	"Data Scientist, Analytics"	"DoorDash"	2019-01-18	82	118	98	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=399476&s=58&guid=0000016876dfb8df835aff3994fbd3ac&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_736fdd81&cb=1548182600659&jobListingId=3090172800"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	"The Analytics team is looking for Data Scientists to drive measurement, strategy, and tactical decision-making across the company. You'll be solving problems that range from customer acquisition to balancing supply and demand to new city launches to marketplace efficiency. You'll be designing and analyzing A/B tests for new product features, generating and sizing opportunities to prioritize new initiatives, and defining key performance metrics for the team. Data Scientists at DoorDash work cross-functionally to uncover insights and turn them into actionable recommendations. The ideal candidate will have a background in a quantitative or technical field, will have experience working with large data sets, and will have some experience in data-driven decision making. You will be a great fit if you have a strong bias towards action, enjoy finding patterns amidst chaos, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive business impact. We're looking for someone who has the technical skills to surface insights quickly, and the interpersonal skills to communicate those insights in a way that persuades action. What you'll doUse quantitative analysis and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand what drives our businessProvide insights to help business and product leaders understand marketplace dynamics, user behaviors, and long-term trendsIdentify and quantify levers to help move key metricsRecommend which features to build and whyWork backwards from understanding and sizing problems to ideating solutionsGenerate recommendations and use statistical techniques and hypothesis testing to validate your findings. This includes:Performing analytical deep-dives to identify problems, opportunities and actions required;Collecting, processing, and cleaning data from disparate sources using SQL, R, Python, or other scripting and statistical tools; andManaging the design, execution, and analysis of experiments; driving rigor and testing culture through product and operations teamsReport against company initiatives by identifying key metrics and building executive-facing dashboards to track progressMonitor key performance metrics, understanding root causes of changesBuild data sets and reporting tables to empower operational and exploratory analysisPartner with engineering to implement, document, validate, and monitor our loggingAbout you2-5 years of experience in a data analytics, consulting, or other quantitative roleExamples of relevant experience include: Funnel optimization, user segmentation, cohort analyses, time series analyses, regression models, etc.Experience with analyzing both client side and server side tracking a plusAn ability to write very complex SQL queries. ETL experience a plusProficiency in one or more analytics & visualization tools (e.g. Chartio, Looker, Tableau)A deep understanding of statistical analysis (e.g. hypothesis testing, experimentation, regressions) and familiarity with statistical packages, such as Matlab, R, SAS or PythonStrong business judgment. You've got the ability to take ambiguous problems and solve them in a structured, hypothesis-driven, data-supported waySelf-starter attitude. You're someone who can initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidanceGet-it-done mindset. You're not afraid of long hours, able to handle stress well, humble and scrappy!A degree in Math, Physics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, or other quantitative fieldAbout us Founded in 2013, DoorDash is a San Francisco-based technology company passionate about transforming local businesses and dedicated to enabling new ways of working, earning, and living. Today, DoorDash connects customers with their favorite local and national restaurants in more than 1,000 cities across the United States and Canada. By building intelligent, last-mile delivery technology for local cities, DoorDash aims to connect people with the things they care about one dash at a time."
"3092791356"	"BI Consultant 2"	"EY"	2019-01-21	83	128	101	3.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=124&ao=400784&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_5ab4b4a5&cb=1548182602452&jobListingId=3092791356"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	" BI Consultant 2  Advisory  Requisition # NEW00M9C  Post Date 2 days ago *BI Consultant 2** **(Multiple Positions),** **Ernst & Young U.S. LLP, New York,NY .** Duties: Provide data analytics services to help clients solve business problems, drive value and insight from information, focusing on the consumption of data. Help clients realize the full potential of data through effective reporting and analysis and key metrics. Serve as a key member of a team to provide services ranging from discrete projects to full implementations of a reporting and analytics application, transforming data from a cost center into a competitive advantage. Work with reporting solutions for business functional areas, including, management, financial, compliance, operations and risk. Help clients address issues in the development of reporting and analytics business capabilities, strategy and roadmap. Assist in the facilitation and definition of reporting and analytics business requirements. Support the definition of Business Intelligence technical architectures. Design and implement leading Business Intelligence packages, including Cognos, Business Objects, MicroStrategy, Spotfire, Qlikview, SAS, or related technologies.  Manage and motivate teams of professionals with diverse skills and backgrounds. Consistently deliver quality client services by monitoring progress. Demonstrate in-depth technical capabilities and professional knowledge. Maintain long-term client relationships and networks. Cultivate business development opportunities.  Full time employment, Monday- Friday,40hours per week, 8:30 am - 5:30 pm. *MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:** Must have a bachelor's degree in Economics, Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Business or a related field and 5 years of progressive, post-baccalaureate work experience solving business problems using SQL. Alternatively, must have a Master's degree in Economics, Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Business or a related field and 4 years of work experience solving business problems using SQL.  Must have 4 years of experience in Data Reporting and reporting tools, including Cognos, Business Objects, MicroStrategy, Spotfire, QlikView, SAS, OBIEE, Tableau, SQL, SSRS SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), and/or SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).  Must have 3 years of experience in the financial services industry.  Must have 1 year of experience in any three of the following next gen tools and technologies: Hadoop, HIVE, Impala, Apache Drill, Pentaho, Paxata, Podium, Databricks, Tamr, Datastax, Datameer, Splunk, Sumologic, Mapreduce, Python, Scala, R, Spark.  Must have 4 years of business intelligence reporting experience.  Must have 3 years of reporting requirements, analysis, design and development experience.  Requires domestic and regional travel up to 80% to serve client needs.  Employer will accept any suitable combination of education, training or experience. *TO APPLY: Please apply on-line at** **ey.com/us/jobsearch (Job Number- NEW00M9C).** EY, an equal employment opportunity employer (Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Disabled), values the diversity of our workforce and the knowledge of our people.  This particular position at Ernst & Young in the United States requires the qualified candidate to be a \"United States worker\" as defined by the U.S. Department of Labor regulations at 20 CFR 656.3. You can review this definition at https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/CFR-2011-title20-vol3/pdf/CFR-2011-title20-vol3-sec656-3.pdf at the bottom of page 750. Please feelfree to apply to other positions that do not require you to be a \"U.S. worker\"."
"3032700679"	"Director, Marketing Analytics"	"FanDuel"	2019-01-17	135	197	167	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=122&ao=352918&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_f04d2bb6&cb=1548182602452&jobListingId=3032700679"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	" FanDuel is the pioneer of online daily fantasy sports, one of the fastest growing sectors of the sports and entertainment industry. Since our launch in 2009, we've been disrupting the fantasy sports industry and changing the way millions of people experience sports. About the role We are looking for a leader to take holistic ownership of FanDuel's marketing analytics program. Owning all digital behavior, enterprise performance and qualitative analytics this role is responsible reporting, analysis and insight generation across core business functions - user growth, retention, engagement, reactivation, and lifetime valuation. Managing a team of dedicated marketing analysts, this role will be expected to mature our understanding of marketing performance and business operations via direct contribution and personnel development.  This is a highly visible leadership role that will participate in enterprise strategic planning alongside senior leadership. What you'll doEvolve the sophistication of our customer acquisition analytics, moving from last-click and channel-centric attribution to a multi-touch and fractional modelPartner with our media team to mature our media measurement practice from CPA-centric performance management to a comprehensive ROAS view of our advertising spendCreate and continuously optimize a holistic customer lifecycle view of our users, driving accretive value via marketing program optimizations and cohort analysisWork with decision-makers across the company to understand their goals, identify opportunities to use data to develop new insights and improve business resultsBuild analytical tools and reports for use by self, team, and others across the organization to ensure timely, consistent understanding of performanceAnalyze campaign and test results to optimize customer acquisition, retention and revenueServe as a player-coach leading a team of analysts and data scientists, developing their personal capability and overall team contributionWho we're looking for7+ years of experience in marketing analyticsExtensive experience building and using models to deliver measurable improvements to department/company performancePrevious management experience, especially as it relates to overseeing a team of analysts dedicated to various functions of a marketing program (acquisition, retention, etc.)Strong analytical and quantitative skills, with high proficiency in a variety of tools (Excel, SQL, Python, etc.)Experience using and overseeing the construction of data visualization environments and subsequently empowering business-level users to monitor and manage business performanceFamiliarity with user-centric businesses; an understanding of how new user acquisition, conversion and lifetime valuation interact to drive total company performanceStrong verbal and written communication skills, ability to work across teams, locations and time zonesWhat you get in return Beyond working with such a great team? An exciting environment with real growthContribute to exciting products used by a highly passionate user basePersonal learning and development opportunitiesUnlimited vacation allowanceAttracting health care options There's more, but we don't want to go on and on. FanDuel is an equal opportunities employer. Diversity and inclusion in FanDuel means that we respect and value everyone as individuals. We don't tolerate bias, judgement or harassment. Our focus is on developing employees so that they reach their full potential"
"3088301974"	"Research Analyst, Public Finance"	"Fitch Ratings"	2019-01-16	58	101	75	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=251447&s=58&guid=0000016876dfb8df835aff3994fbd3ac&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_f864eb61&cb=1548182600659&jobListingId=3088301974"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	" Dual-headquartered in New York and London, Fitch Ratings is a leading provider of credit ratings, commentary and research. Dedicated to providing value beyond the rating through independent and prospective credit opinions, Fitch Ratings offers global perspectives shaped by strong local market experience and credit market expertise. The additional context, perspective and insights we provide help investors to make important credit judgments with confidence.  Fitch Solutions delivers credit market data, analytical tools and risk services to the global financial community. In addition to offering proprietary market-based content, Fitch Solutions distributes the ratings, research and financial data of Fitch Ratings through a variety of flexible platforms. With innovation and experience behind every solution, Fitch Solutions helps financial professionals meet the diverse and evolving needs of today’s global markets.  Fitch Ratings and Fitch Solutions, along with Fitch Learning, are part of the Fitch Group, a global leader in financial information services with operations in more than 30 countries. Fitch Group is wholly-owned by Hearst.  Fitch Ratings and Fitch Solutions are an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer, complying with all laws governing employment in each jurisdiction in which operating, and provide equal opportunity to all applicants and employees. All qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity and other status protected by applicable laws.  Fitch Ratings is seeking a self-motivated, inquisitive professional with strong analytical skills to join the Innovation & Research team in Public Finance. Members of this versatile and influential group support various central functions across Public Finance including rating criteria research and implementation, model development, and rating systems innovations. Job Description:Assist in the development of rating criteria, including researching metrics, preparing and cleaning data, back testing, and coordinating documentation for the internal approval processCollaborate with the Model Manager and Model Development Team to create and maintain financial modelsPrototype and manage the implementation of new analytical tools to support the ratings processSupport senior analysts on research pieces across a range of industry-relevant topicsPosition Requirements:Bachelors or graduate degree in economics, finance, public policy, or related fieldsA strong ability to collect, clean, and prepare data; find the story in the data; and defend a viewpoint based on findingsExcellent written and verbal communication skills; strong critical thinking and quantitative skillsIntermediate to advanced proficiency with ExcelFamiliarity with SQL, VBA, R, and Python are all strong pluses Fitch is committed to providing global securities markets with objective, timely, independent and forward-looking credit opinions. To protect Fitch’s credibility and reputation, our employees must take every precaution to avoid conflicts of interests or any appearance of a conflict of interest. Should you be successful in the recruitment process at Fitch Ratings you will asked to declare any securities holdings and other potential conflicts for you and your Family Members prior to commencing employment. If you, or your Family Members, have any holdings that may conflict with your work responsibilities, they must be sold before beginning work. In certain roles, employees and their Family Members may be limited to investments in diversified mutual funds only.  For more information about this policy, please visit the code of ethics and conduct page - http://www.fitchratings.com/web/en/dynamic/about-us/code-of-ethics-and-conduct.jsp"
"2731478861"	"Associate Analyst"	"Fred Alger"	2019-01-18	91	139	113	3.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=120&ao=399081&s=58&guid=0000016876dfb8df835aff3994fbd3ac&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_2f8425ca&cb=1548182600659&jobListingId=2731478861"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	"ADP strongly recommends using, Microsoft Internet Explorer 11, Microsoft Edge, Firefox 45 and higher. Chrome 50.0 and higher. Safari 8.x, or Safari 9.0.Before attempting the application again, clear your browser’s cache and cookies.Do not input “N/A” into any of the fields. The “/” seems to cause ADP some issues. Use “NA” instead.Do not use parentheses. This often causes ADP to not register an answer.If you took part in an unpaid internship, do not put $0.00 as your salary as it causes an error. Put $1 instead.Job Title: Associate AnalystLocation:Headquartered in New  York City in a modern office space near Madison Square Park, Alger offers great  benefits and encourages employees to become involved in their community. In particular, we encourage our employees to  participate, to give their time and talents, not just money, to charitable  events and organizations the Firm supports through our employee run charitable  committee, the Alger Candlelight Giving Program. Pensions & Investments has noted, “Fred  Alger Management Inc. [is] one of the most charity-oriented workforces in the  investment industry.” (Sept. 5, 2011).  We are as proud of that recognition as we are of our investment success.Job  Description:Alger is seeking bright and enthusiastic  Associate Analysts (AAs) to join our investment team. We favor candidates who are passionate about  investing, embrace challenges, welcome increasing responsibilities, and thrive  in a dynamic environment.Alger’s Investment Team is the engine that  drives the Firm’s strong long-term investment returns of our portfolio  strategies and success for our clients.  Our investment strategies range from U.S. small cap to large cap stocks  and International and Emerging Markets growth stocks, in both traditional  long-only and long/short hedged equity portfolios. We have over 40 experienced professionals,  led by our portfolio managers and senior sector analysts, who work together to  identify and research domestic and global growth trends across all economic  sectors to uncover compelling investment opportunities. We target “outside the box” ideas and our  firm’s philosophy encourages creative and independent thinking. Each investment idea goes through a rigorous  series of analyses by sector specialists rather than generalists. Many of our analysts have direct experience  in the industries they invest in and/or advanced degrees in their fields. Compared to other buy-side firms, our teams  are small – and this “boutique” culture allows analysts of all levels to contribute. Working in smaller groups, analysts have more  responsibilities, rather than being just a “number-cruncher” at a larger  firm. With that in mind, we focus on  investing in developing talent. Many of  our senior analysts have started their careers at Alger at the AA level.AAs, along with their  team, work with portfolio managers and the Chief Investment Officer on  generating insightful investment ideas. This direct exposure to top level  management is rare in the investment community and current AAs thrive on the  ability to work with highly experienced investors. Upon hire, AAs will be  assigned to permanent sectors with an opportunity to rise among the ranks of  the investment team.Duties &  Responsibilities: Work closely with  senior analysts to coordinate evaluation of companiesInteract with sell-side  analysts, industry contacts, investor relations personnel and senior management  of companies to develop an investment thesis on a stock or macroeconomic themeCreate and update  financial models and maintaining databases tracking industry research and  statistics. Develop and maintain proprietary data tracking and industry  research filesWrite research reports  on companies under coverage and reports on business newsManage and analyze  companies’ earnings reports, including previews and reviewsCollaborate with the  investment team on original research projects and ideasPerfect the art of a  stock pitch with the goal of being able to generate ideas and profit for the  firmQualifications: Minimum 2-4 years Investment Research, Private  Equity, Investment Banking or Equivalent Industry experiencePassion for the financial markets and  investments along with an extraordinary curiosity about business and industryProven quantitative and qualitative analytical  capabilities including financial modeling, industry and product analysis and report writingUndergraduate Degree with a cumulative Grade  Point Average (GPA) of 3.0 or above in 4.0 scaleExcellent communication skills, both written  and oralHigh level of self-motivation and work ethic  along with the ability to complete assignments quickly and accuratelyStrong competitive spirit and desire to succeedAbility to work in a team-oriented fast-pace  environment both while being able to prioritize projectsPositive attitude with a willingness to attack  challenging intellectual problemsProficiency  in Microsoft Office productsAlger Inspired by Change, Driven by Growth.  Founded in 1964, Alger is widely recognized as a pioneer of growth-style investment management. Headquartered in New York City with affiliate offices in Boston and London, Alger provides U.S. and non-U.S. institutional investors and financial advisors access to a suite of growth equity separate accounts, mutual funds, and privately offered investment vehicles. The firm’s investment philosophy, discovering companies undergoing Positive Dynamic Change, has been in place for over 50 years. In March 2017, Weatherbie Capital, LLC, a Boston-based investment adviser specializing in small and mid-cap growth equity investing, became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alger.  We have been helping clients achieve their growth equity investment objectives for over 50 years. Experience and IndependenceGrowth equity pioneerPrivate ownership with employee participationPhilosophyTime-tested fundamental research driven processCulture of independent thinking and passion for investingGrowth SpecialistsSingular focus on growth equity investingDedicated to generating superior investment returns for our clients through active managementConsent/Waiver If Alger Associates, Inc. & Subsidiaries (“Alger”) extends an offer of employment, the terms of the offer will be in writing, on Alger letterhead. Any such offer will be contingent upon satisfactory references and background investigation. By submitting this application, I consent to Alger checking references and investigating my background and I release from liability all persons, firms, schools, organization, and/or business entities who furnish references or other information concerning me. I also release Alger and its agents and representatives from any liability, which might result from requesting or obtaining such information.  I understand that as part of the pre-hire process, I will be required to authorize Alger to request from a consumer reporting agency an investigative consumer report which might include criminal, credit and employment history, educational records and information relative to my character, general reputation, personal characteristics and mode of living, to the extent permitted by law. If hired, I will be required to provide documentation of both my identity and employment eligibility in the United Sates in accordance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986.  I certify that the information I provided on this application is true and complete and understand that Alger or its representatives may investigate and verify the information. I further understand that any false, misleading or inaccurate information or misrepresentation, or omission of information requested, as stated or implied, in this application or provided in an interview or other employment form may be sufficient reason not to hire me, to withdraw any offer extended or to terminate my employment, regardless of when discovered.  I understand that nothing in this application, or in any prior or subsequent oral or written statement, is intended to create any contract of employment either express or implied. This application does not bind either party for a specific period of time with respect to employment. I understand that no representative of Alger other than its Chief Executive Officer (CEO) or the CEO’s designee is authorized to enter into any agreement to the contrary and any such agreement must be in writing and signed by the CEO or the CEO’s designee.  Alger is proud to be an E-Verify & Equal Opportunity Employer.  It is Alger’s policy to provide equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants for employment. No qualified applicant or employee of Alger shall be discriminated against in employment on the basis of race, national origin, ancestry, religion, gender (including gender identity and gender expression), mental or physical disability, age, sex, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other status protected by law (“Protected Characteristic”). This Policy applies to all terms, conditions, and privileges of employment, including but not limited to, hiring, compensation, benefits, promotion, and termination.  E-Verify® is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security."
"3089572771"	"ETL Developer- Business Intelligence"	"Guardian Life"	2019-01-17	76	110	88	3.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=339835&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_b792bd5f&cb=1548182602451&jobListingId=3089572771"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	"ABOUT GUARDIAN Every day, Guardian gives 26 million Americans the security they deserve through our insurance and wealth management products and services. Since our founding in 1860, our long-term view has helped our customers prepare for whatever life brings whether starting a family, planning for the future or taking care of employees. Today, were a Fortune 250 mutual company and a leading provider of life, disability and other benefits for individuals, at the workplace and through government sponsored programs. The Guardian community of ~9000 employees and our network of over 2750 financial representatives is committed to serving with expertise when, where and how our clients need us. Our commitments rest on a strong financial foundation, which at year-end 2017 included $8.0 billion in capital and $1.6 billion in operating income. For more information, please visit guardianlife.com or follow us on Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and YouTube.  Guardian is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, creed, religion, sex, affectional or sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, marital status, disability, military or veteran status, or any other classification protected by applicable law.  Guardian® is a registered trademark of the Guardian Life Insurance Company of AmericaPOSITION RESPONSIBILITIES Data Analytics/Reporting Conduct data analysis in support of a variety of analytic solutions.Create and produce forecasts, reports, ad hoc requests, dashboards, etc.Prepare monthly dashboard reports, identifying trends and presenting thoughtful, actionable solutions.Document and train end users on reports and dashboards.ETL/Data BlendingTransform and utilize data in the data warehouse by creating, automating and documenting new tables in a post-load process. These new tables will transform the data from a transactional view to a more user-friendly business view. These tables can be used for direct usage for descriptive and predictive analyticsApply the business rules on raw data in the data warehouse, data cleansing, data blending to bring data into the shape for profiling, dashboards, insights via project basis.Applying masking routine on the personally identifiable/sensitive data when necessaryContinuously apply Data Governance processes including monitoring of the data quality with appropriate business areasProvide data modeling, mining, pattern analysis, anomaly detection and data visualization to address customer needs with front-end toolsDocumenting the data blending process along with the specifications and workflow/data lineage for future automation usageMaintaining/adding to already made data dictionary for predictive analytics data profiling/modeling and/or any downstream usagePartners with IT, Database Administrators and business owners to ensure optimized data transformation and efficiencies.Develop relationships with business team members by being proactive, displaying an increasing understanding of the business processes and by recommending innovative solutions"
"2918328768"	"Data Scientist"	"HBO"	2019-01-18	134	203	166	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=117&ao=433326&s=58&guid=0000016876dfb8df835aff3994fbd3ac&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_e4e0b054&cb=1548182600659&jobListingId=2918328768"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	" \",\"AnswerValue\":\"OVERALL SUMMARY As a data scientist on Analytic Capability team, this individual will be executing an end-to-end solution in building analytic infrastructure, supporting our data science and analytic solution teams and transforming the insights into actionable endpoints for different business units. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIESSupport developing analytic infrastructure at AWS environment and partner with IT for analytic production executionWork with data scientists and solution analysts to understand the business problems, proactively design intuitive data structures and create the best-suited data structures for modeling and analysisTranslating advanced analytics result into production and maintain the update/refresh.Integrate additional sources of data that can enhance analytic capability, continually identify and fix issue that could enforce robust analytic processSupport customer service analytic support and providing behavioral insightMaintain HBO NOW subscriber transaction analytic structure by incorporating new providers, campaigns and tracking for transaction analysisREQUIREMENTSBS/MS in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experienceExperience with AWS Solutions, Data and Analytics tools and building data structures to support advanced analytic and research functions.Expertise with both structure and unstructured data at Big Data platform setting.Experience on database development, management and ETL at big data platformExperience with analytic scripting R, Python and SAS and strong with SQL.Knowledge of various data science techniques and experience implementing models developed with these techniques into production environmentFlexibility and comfort working in a dynamic organization with minimal documentation and processStrong problem solving and critical thinking skills"
"3090588179"	"Senior Operations Strategy Manager - New York"	"Lyft"	2019-01-18	122	168	141	4.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=111&ao=133581&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_913725f7&cb=1548182602452&jobListingId=3090588179"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	" Lyft is looking for a proven, passionate leader who wants to change the future of cities and transportation by joining our Operations team for Lyft Bikes and Scooters (LBS).  The Operations Strategy team that you will lead reports to the Head of Operations for Lyft Bikes and Scooters and houses initiatives for operational excellence, focused not only on process improvement, but step change unlocks to our efficiency, quality and cost structure. Your team will own standards of work for our local operations and be accountable to driving down operational expenses while maintaining and improving quality. Operations leads the way in helping to build a culture of continuous process improvement and best-in-class operating processes throughout the business. You'll be responsible for the implementation of operational technology, identification and project management of operations improvement initiatives, and support of our Market Managers across the board including third party contract management.  You are a bold thinker with an entrepreneurial spirit who is not afraid to take risks. You are able to make decisions quickly based on limited data, and able to execute with limited resources - you are scrappy and resourceful. You are excited about managing a team focused on operational excellence, fraud/missing assets, and local ops analytics. You should be comfortable getting your hands dirty, but also presenting in front of executive-level stakeholders. You will play an integral part in ensuring we have the right operations technology in place for our systems, influencing product and working on cross-functional teams to make our operations top-notch.  Responsibilities Manage a team that handles all SOPs, workflow, and training documents for LBS operationsCreate knowledge sharing systems across markets, and between operations and cross-functional partnersBuild the infrastructure to scale operations from systems with 500 bikes or scooters, to 50,000Coordinate management of major third party service contracts for operationsIdentify areas to drastically reduce opex and improve quality of service, test potential solutions, and roll out new processes and systems to the field in a standardized formatDevelop processes for collecting, sizing, and prioritizing feedback from the field for product and engineeringPartner with senior operations leaders, finance, science and product/engineering to establish and meet operational targetsApply structure to ambiguous and complex problems in different areas of our operations Requirements 8+ years of experience; including ops experience, possibly in public transit operations or start-up environment (and/or consulting/business intelligence/strategy or related)Proven track record of scrappiness and executing with lean teamsCreative problem solving and ability to work iteratively, taking advantage of short term impact opportunities while pursuing longer-term strategies and execution in parallelAbility to think bold and come up with creative solutions to bend the cost curveAble to prioritize and quickly act on the biggest areas of opportunityProcess orientation with excellent attention to detailComfort with shifting priorities and a fast-moving, break things environmentProven track record of hiring, developing, and retaining top talentFantastic financial acumen - you lead with data and factsAbility to work with remote teams and across time zones to develop strategies and foster a cohesive and creative work environmentAbility to travel 25%+ of the timeLyft is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Lyft does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender-identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws or prohibited by Company policy. Lyft also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and local ordinances, and its internal policy, Lyft will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records."
"3090802340"	"Quantitative Analyst - Cash Equity Strategies"	"Macquarie Group"	2019-01-18	112	183	140	3.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=122&ao=293901&s=58&guid=0000016876dfb8df835aff3994fbd3ac&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_fb4cfd0b&cb=1548182600660&jobListingId=3090802340"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	" We are looking for a recent PhD graduate to join our team, working as a Quantitative Analyst focusing on cash equity strategies.  Our Quant Strategy team applies specialist methods from mathematics, science and engineering to generate revenue. We work on derivative valuation and risk, automated trading and execution, and data-driven decision-making.  Most critical to your success will be your interest and ability to implement financial and statistical models for product evaluation, risk analysis and trading strategy development. Working on the trading floor, youll have the opportunity to build strong relationships across the business by providing quantitative expertise to traders and marketers, as well as our technology and compliance teams.  You will work alongside trading, quant strategy and technology teams to automate data gathering, validation and normalization processes. You will evaluate, automate and deploy research and back testing tools; and calibrate analytics models and develop delta one execution strategies to facilitate business growth.  You have outstanding academic achievements, a PhD in a quantitative discipline (e.g. maths, physics or engineering), are intellectually curious and self-motivated, and have great communication and collaboration skills. You can formulate business ideas mathematically and deliver practical solutions. You are experienced with large scale data analyses and modeling, have strong programming skills in Python or R, and have a basic knowledge of either C++/C#/Java. Database or Unix experience will be a plus.  This is an outstanding opportunity to be a part of a global front-office team, closely aligned with revenue generation!  Find out more about Macquarie careers at www.macquarie.com/careers  Commodities and Global Markets provides clients with an integrated, end-to-end offering across global markets including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or protected veteran status. Macquarie takes affirmative action in support of its policy to and advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.  *LI-SM2"
"3092414280"	"Director Business Program Manager"	"Microsoft Corporation"	2019-01-20	116	169	144	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=127&ao=157444&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_3715dc0d&cb=1548182602453&jobListingId=3092414280"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	" Do you want to play a leadership role in driving change within Microsoft Services?  This high-profile role requires a collaborative business leader with strong change management experience and the ability to influence successfully in a highly matrixed environment.  You will drive complex behavioral change by leading the planning and execution of change management strategies for assigned programs, facilitating interaction between internal operations teams and delivery teams, and driving adoption of key processes and tools within the organization. *Responsibilities***Key responsibilities:** + **Change Management** : Effective change management & adoption of a portfolio of strategic processes and tools.  + Using standard process and templates, develop customized change management strategies based on the change impact and audience  + Collaborate across multiple teams to facilitate field enablement and feedback  + Monitor and review change adoption and implement resistance mitigation and reinforcement strategies  + **Collaboration** : Engage with field partners to gain insight into pain points and feedback and facilitate discussions to feed that into process and tool improvement initiatives. Partner with your key stakeholders in HQ, Domain & Account-aligned leadership teams, operations teams and other Field focused teams to drive adoption of processes and tools.  + **Stakeholder Management** : Build relationships and partner with business partners across the entire global Microsoft Services organization. Ensure that business issues, concerns and priorities are well understood. Understand Services goals and related BEO roadmaps and provide visibility to field teams.  + **Frameworks and standards** : Work with the WWSOL team to establish and evolve solid frameworks and standards for change management that increase change adoption through simplification for impacted resources. *Qualifications***Qualifications:** + Bachelor's degree or higher qualification in computer science, operations, business administration, or equivalent years of experience  + 10+ years of program or project management experience in IT, operations or business  + Ability to develop a strong understanding of the Microsoft Enterprise Services organization and operations at all levels  + Proven change management skills, with Prosci ? or other Change Management qualification or demonstrated experience  + Hands-on experience in driving change in complex matrix environments  + Proven experience in leadership position influencing virtual and matrixed teams  + Strong verbal and written communication skills at the executive level  + Strong negotiation skills and ability to influence change  + Demonstrated ability to work effectively in a multi-cultural environment *Location/Travel:** You may be based in Issaquah, WA, near Microsoft HQ or anywhere in the United States, near an international airport. Travel can be expected to be approximately 25%.*Who we are** In Microsoft **Business Excellence & Operations (BEO)** , our goal is to power One Services through a common operating model that simplifies and improves customer and employee experiences. Our team drives a broad range of shared services functions that include Operations, Data and Business Intelligence, Role Excellence, Business Solutions & Tools, and Readiness for Microsoft Services. *Microsoft Services** Microsoft Services consists of 16,000 professionals worldwide, dedicated to empowering every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. We help companies realize the possibilities in a world where cloud and artificial intelligence can transform businesses and industries.  For more information, visit www.microsoft.com/Services . *Join us and be one who empowers billions!** _That's incredible_ **_reach_** _. When you combine that with your own_ **_inspiration_** _, plus the_ **_freedom_** _and support to make your ideas happen, you can make a huge_ **_impact_** _on how people work and live all over the world._ Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form at https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/accommodationrequest .  Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work."
"3089502227"	"Data Engineer"	"Sagence"	2019-01-17	124	140	130	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=240901&s=58&guid=0000016876dfb8df835aff3994fbd3ac&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_9c94d8dc&cb=1548182600659&jobListingId=3089502227"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	"Company DescriptionSagence is a management advisory firm dedicated to helping our clients optimize the value of their data assets. From thinking to doing, Sagence works with leading institutions in the acquisition, evaluation, development and management of their critical data assets and in the application of analytics to discover new insights, shorten time-to-value, and drive competitive advantage.Job OverviewSagence is looking for experienced, client-facing Data Engineer to help us build and sustain our client’s data capabilities and our competitive advantage. Along with the requirements below, candidates must possess deep, practical experience in one or more of the following Data Management competencies; data warehousing, data lakes, reference data or master data management, data architecture, data modeling, data governance, data analysis, business intelligence.Skills & Requirements:MUST BE HANDS ON. Candidates should have system development experience and proficiency with system development methodologiesand possess the following skills and knowledge: Must have significant hands-on experience with various IT concepts of data management/engineering (ETL, data transmission, data modeling, data warehousing, etc.)Must have significant hands-on experience with SQL, data profiling, and data discoveryExperience building business intelligence, analytics, or reporting solutions - either front-end consumption mechanisms (e.g., Cognos, Tableau) or supply of data for these purposesFamiliarity with data architecture principles/approaches, data environment infrastructure considerations, and data modeling principles/approachesAbility to drive out technical requirements with business and IT stakeholders for implementations of data solutionsHands-on experience with Agile delivery methodologyPrior professional experience in an IT management, management consulting, or client facing role is preferredKnowledge of the Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare or Retail industries is preferredDemonstrated ability in engaging, communicating, and presenting to stakeholders across both business and technology functionsTools and Technology:Proficient at leveraging tools and technology to drive value for clients. Illustrative tools include the following;Database Management Tools - e.g., MYSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata, or similarETL Tools - e.g. Informatica, Infshpere DataStage, Goldengate, Ab Initio, or similarData Modeling tools - e.g., ERWin, ER/Studio, IBM Data Architect, or similarIndustry Leading BI tools - e.g., Business Objects, Microsoft, Cognos, Tableau, OBIEE, Qlickview, or similarGeneral:Must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis. Sagence does not provide sponsorship for work visas3+ years of professional experience working in a related roleMust be collaborative, innovative, curious, and resourceful, and exhibit a positive attitudeStrong desire to work on interesting projects with smart and creative peopleWillingness to travel to client sites as neededChicago or New York area candidates preferred, but will consider candidates in other parts of U.S.Our Culture Passionate, diverse, creative, genuine, flexible, hands-on…these are just a few of the words that describe our culture. Our Founders and Partners are deeply involved in the client work on a daily basis. We have a high-energy workplace with a focus on producing high-quality, impactful results.We are committed to equality of opportunity, fairness, work and lifestyle balance, and mutual respect. We promote an entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging individual initiative and foster a collaborative culture and work environment which includes open communication and on-going learning. We build teamwork through small, dedicated teams who continuously teach each other and learn from one another. We strongly believe these characteristics enable our employees to develop to their fullest potential. To learn more, please visit us at www.sagenceconsulting.com"
"3089502227"	"Data Engineer"	"Sagence"	2019-01-17	124	140	130	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=240901&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_d7ca62ec&cb=1548182602451&jobListingId=3089502227"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	"Company DescriptionSagence is a management advisory firm dedicated to helping our clients optimize the value of their data assets. From thinking to doing, Sagence works with leading institutions in the acquisition, evaluation, development and management of their critical data assets and in the application of analytics to discover new insights, shorten time-to-value, and drive competitive advantage.Job OverviewSagence is looking for experienced, client-facing Data Engineer to help us build and sustain our client’s data capabilities and our competitive advantage. Along with the requirements below, candidates must possess deep, practical experience in one or more of the following Data Management competencies; data warehousing, data lakes, reference data or master data management, data architecture, data modeling, data governance, data analysis, business intelligence.Skills & Requirements:MUST BE HANDS ON. Candidates should have system development experience and proficiency with system development methodologiesand possess the following skills and knowledge: Must have significant hands-on experience with various IT concepts of data management/engineering (ETL, data transmission, data modeling, data warehousing, etc.)Must have significant hands-on experience with SQL, data profiling, and data discoveryExperience building business intelligence, analytics, or reporting solutions - either front-end consumption mechanisms (e.g., Cognos, Tableau) or supply of data for these purposesFamiliarity with data architecture principles/approaches, data environment infrastructure considerations, and data modeling principles/approachesAbility to drive out technical requirements with business and IT stakeholders for implementations of data solutionsHands-on experience with Agile delivery methodologyPrior professional experience in an IT management, management consulting, or client facing role is preferredKnowledge of the Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare or Retail industries is preferredDemonstrated ability in engaging, communicating, and presenting to stakeholders across both business and technology functionsTools and Technology:Proficient at leveraging tools and technology to drive value for clients. Illustrative tools include the following;Database Management Tools - e.g., MYSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata, or similarETL Tools - e.g. Informatica, Infshpere DataStage, Goldengate, Ab Initio, or similarData Modeling tools - e.g., ERWin, ER/Studio, IBM Data Architect, or similarIndustry Leading BI tools - e.g., Business Objects, Microsoft, Cognos, Tableau, OBIEE, Qlickview, or similarGeneral:Must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis. Sagence does not provide sponsorship for work visas3+ years of professional experience working in a related roleMust be collaborative, innovative, curious, and resourceful, and exhibit a positive attitudeStrong desire to work on interesting projects with smart and creative peopleWillingness to travel to client sites as neededChicago or New York area candidates preferred, but will consider candidates in other parts of U.S.Our Culture Passionate, diverse, creative, genuine, flexible, hands-on…these are just a few of the words that describe our culture. Our Founders and Partners are deeply involved in the client work on a daily basis. We have a high-energy workplace with a focus on producing high-quality, impactful results.We are committed to equality of opportunity, fairness, work and lifestyle balance, and mutual respect. We promote an entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging individual initiative and foster a collaborative culture and work environment which includes open communication and on-going learning. We build teamwork through small, dedicated teams who continuously teach each other and learn from one another. We strongly believe these characteristics enable our employees to develop to their fullest potential. To learn more, please visit us at www.sagenceconsulting.com"
"3089502227"	"Data Engineer"	"Sagence"	2019-01-17	124	140	130	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=240901&s=58&guid=0000016876dfb8df835aff3994fbd3ac&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_9c94d8dc&cb=1548182600659&jobListingId=3089502227"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	"Company DescriptionSagence is a management advisory firm dedicated to helping our clients optimize the value of their data assets. From thinking to doing, Sagence works with leading institutions in the acquisition, evaluation, development and management of their critical data assets and in the application of analytics to discover new insights, shorten time-to-value, and drive competitive advantage.Job OverviewSagence is looking for experienced, client-facing Data Engineer to help us build and sustain our client’s data capabilities and our competitive advantage. Along with the requirements below, candidates must possess deep, practical experience in one or more of the following Data Management competencies; data warehousing, data lakes, reference data or master data management, data architecture, data modeling, data governance, data analysis, business intelligence.Skills & Requirements:MUST BE HANDS ON. Candidates should have system development experience and proficiency with system development methodologiesand possess the following skills and knowledge: Must have significant hands-on experience with various IT concepts of data management/engineering (ETL, data transmission, data modeling, data warehousing, etc.)Must have significant hands-on experience with SQL, data profiling, and data discoveryExperience building business intelligence, analytics, or reporting solutions - either front-end consumption mechanisms (e.g., Cognos, Tableau) or supply of data for these purposesFamiliarity with data architecture principles/approaches, data environment infrastructure considerations, and data modeling principles/approachesAbility to drive out technical requirements with business and IT stakeholders for implementations of data solutionsHands-on experience with Agile delivery methodologyPrior professional experience in an IT management, management consulting, or client facing role is preferredKnowledge of the Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare or Retail industries is preferredDemonstrated ability in engaging, communicating, and presenting to stakeholders across both business and technology functionsTools and Technology:Proficient at leveraging tools and technology to drive value for clients. Illustrative tools include the following;Database Management Tools - e.g., MYSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata, or similarETL Tools - e.g. Informatica, Infshpere DataStage, Goldengate, Ab Initio, or similarData Modeling tools - e.g., ERWin, ER/Studio, IBM Data Architect, or similarIndustry Leading BI tools - e.g., Business Objects, Microsoft, Cognos, Tableau, OBIEE, Qlickview, or similarGeneral:Must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis. Sagence does not provide sponsorship for work visas3+ years of professional experience working in a related roleMust be collaborative, innovative, curious, and resourceful, and exhibit a positive attitudeStrong desire to work on interesting projects with smart and creative peopleWillingness to travel to client sites as neededChicago or New York area candidates preferred, but will consider candidates in other parts of U.S.Our Culture Passionate, diverse, creative, genuine, flexible, hands-on…these are just a few of the words that describe our culture. Our Founders and Partners are deeply involved in the client work on a daily basis. We have a high-energy workplace with a focus on producing high-quality, impactful results.We are committed to equality of opportunity, fairness, work and lifestyle balance, and mutual respect. We promote an entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging individual initiative and foster a collaborative culture and work environment which includes open communication and on-going learning. We build teamwork through small, dedicated teams who continuously teach each other and learn from one another. We strongly believe these characteristics enable our employees to develop to their fullest potential. To learn more, please visit us at www.sagenceconsulting.com"
"3089502227"	"Data Engineer"	"Sagence"	2019-01-17	124	140	130	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=240901&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_d7ca62ec&cb=1548182602451&jobListingId=3089502227"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	"Company DescriptionSagence is a management advisory firm dedicated to helping our clients optimize the value of their data assets. From thinking to doing, Sagence works with leading institutions in the acquisition, evaluation, development and management of their critical data assets and in the application of analytics to discover new insights, shorten time-to-value, and drive competitive advantage.Job OverviewSagence is looking for experienced, client-facing Data Engineer to help us build and sustain our client’s data capabilities and our competitive advantage. Along with the requirements below, candidates must possess deep, practical experience in one or more of the following Data Management competencies; data warehousing, data lakes, reference data or master data management, data architecture, data modeling, data governance, data analysis, business intelligence.Skills & Requirements:MUST BE HANDS ON. Candidates should have system development experience and proficiency with system development methodologiesand possess the following skills and knowledge: Must have significant hands-on experience with various IT concepts of data management/engineering (ETL, data transmission, data modeling, data warehousing, etc.)Must have significant hands-on experience with SQL, data profiling, and data discoveryExperience building business intelligence, analytics, or reporting solutions - either front-end consumption mechanisms (e.g., Cognos, Tableau) or supply of data for these purposesFamiliarity with data architecture principles/approaches, data environment infrastructure considerations, and data modeling principles/approachesAbility to drive out technical requirements with business and IT stakeholders for implementations of data solutionsHands-on experience with Agile delivery methodologyPrior professional experience in an IT management, management consulting, or client facing role is preferredKnowledge of the Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare or Retail industries is preferredDemonstrated ability in engaging, communicating, and presenting to stakeholders across both business and technology functionsTools and Technology:Proficient at leveraging tools and technology to drive value for clients. Illustrative tools include the following;Database Management Tools - e.g., MYSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata, or similarETL Tools - e.g. Informatica, Infshpere DataStage, Goldengate, Ab Initio, or similarData Modeling tools - e.g., ERWin, ER/Studio, IBM Data Architect, or similarIndustry Leading BI tools - e.g., Business Objects, Microsoft, Cognos, Tableau, OBIEE, Qlickview, or similarGeneral:Must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis. Sagence does not provide sponsorship for work visas3+ years of professional experience working in a related roleMust be collaborative, innovative, curious, and resourceful, and exhibit a positive attitudeStrong desire to work on interesting projects with smart and creative peopleWillingness to travel to client sites as neededChicago or New York area candidates preferred, but will consider candidates in other parts of U.S.Our Culture Passionate, diverse, creative, genuine, flexible, hands-on…these are just a few of the words that describe our culture. Our Founders and Partners are deeply involved in the client work on a daily basis. We have a high-energy workplace with a focus on producing high-quality, impactful results.We are committed to equality of opportunity, fairness, work and lifestyle balance, and mutual respect. We promote an entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging individual initiative and foster a collaborative culture and work environment which includes open communication and on-going learning. We build teamwork through small, dedicated teams who continuously teach each other and learn from one another. We strongly believe these characteristics enable our employees to develop to their fullest potential. To learn more, please visit us at www.sagenceconsulting.com"
"2643247633"	"Data Modeler"	"Sagence"	2019-01-22	99	143	115	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=240901&s=58&guid=0000016876dfb8df835aff3994fbd3ac&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_8f70ff70&cb=1548182600659&jobListingId=2643247633"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	"Data ModelerCompany Description: Sagence is a management advisory firm dedicated to helping our clients optimize the value of their data assets. From thinking to doing, Sagence works with leading institutions in the acquisition, evaluation, development and management of their critical data assets and in the application of analytics to discover new insights, shorten time-to-value, and drive competitive advantage.Job Overview:Sagence is looking for experienced Data Modelers to help us build and enhance our client’s data capabilities and create a competitive advantage. Listed below is an overview of the position requirements as well as the characteristics of our successful professionals.Requirements:Advanced knowledge of modeling techniques for conceptual, logical and physical data modelsAdvanced knowledge of modeling normalized data structures and manipulating dataFamiliarity with multiple database platforms such as Oracle, DB2 and SQL ServerUnderstanding of the different data storage/access models (transactional, data staging, operational data store, data warehouse, data mart, data federation) and choose the model(s) appropriate for the client. Ability to work with data modeling and repository toolsets (including ERwin and other metadata management toolsets) to create work productsUnderstanding of the characteristics of various data types (structured versus unstructured)Knowledge of data format standards, including industry standards (e.g. XMI for interchange of XML)Experience with Agile methodologiesAbility to define business requirementsAbility to mentor and perform knowledge transfer to support teamTools and Technology:Proficient at leveraging tools and technology to drive value for clients. Illustrative tools include the following;Data modeling tools (e.g., ERWin, ER/Studio, IBM Data Architect)Database management systems (e.g., MYSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata)ETL tools (e.g. Informatica, DataStage, Goldengate)Consulting Acumen:Strong decision making, project management, and communication skillsDemonstrated ability in engaging and communicating with stakeholders, across both business and technology functionsStrong technical, strategic and business analysis skills with the ability to solve complex problemsIndustry Experience:Prior professional experience in a management consulting environment or client facing role is preferred, but not requiredKnowledge and experience working within Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare or Technology is preferredGeneral:Must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis. Sagence does not provide sponsorship for work visas upon hire or in the future.2-3+ years of professional experience working in a related roleMust be collaborative, innovative, curious, and resourceful, and exhibit a positive attitudeStrong desire to work on interesting projects with smart and creative peopleWillingness to travel to client sites as neededMust reside in the Chicago or New York metropolitan areaOur Culture:Passionate, diverse, creative, genuine, flexible, hands-on…these are just a few of the words that describe our culture. Our Founders and Partners are deeply involved in the client work on a daily basis. We have a high-energy workplace with a focus on producing high-quality, impactful results.We are committed to equality of opportunity, fairness, work and lifestyle balance, and mutual respect. We promote an entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging individual initiative and foster a collaborative culture and work environment which includes open communication and on-going learning. We build teamwork through small, dedicated teams who continuously teach each other and learn from one another. We strongly believe these characteristics enable our employees to develop to their fullest potential. To learn more, please visit us at www.sagenceconsulting.com"
"2643247633"	"Data Modeler"	"Sagence"	2019-01-22	99	143	115	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=240901&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_4b096fb9&cb=1548182602452&jobListingId=2643247633"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	"Data ModelerCompany Description: Sagence is a management advisory firm dedicated to helping our clients optimize the value of their data assets. From thinking to doing, Sagence works with leading institutions in the acquisition, evaluation, development and management of their critical data assets and in the application of analytics to discover new insights, shorten time-to-value, and drive competitive advantage.Job Overview:Sagence is looking for experienced Data Modelers to help us build and enhance our client’s data capabilities and create a competitive advantage. Listed below is an overview of the position requirements as well as the characteristics of our successful professionals.Requirements:Advanced knowledge of modeling techniques for conceptual, logical and physical data modelsAdvanced knowledge of modeling normalized data structures and manipulating dataFamiliarity with multiple database platforms such as Oracle, DB2 and SQL ServerUnderstanding of the different data storage/access models (transactional, data staging, operational data store, data warehouse, data mart, data federation) and choose the model(s) appropriate for the client. Ability to work with data modeling and repository toolsets (including ERwin and other metadata management toolsets) to create work productsUnderstanding of the characteristics of various data types (structured versus unstructured)Knowledge of data format standards, including industry standards (e.g. XMI for interchange of XML)Experience with Agile methodologiesAbility to define business requirementsAbility to mentor and perform knowledge transfer to support teamTools and Technology:Proficient at leveraging tools and technology to drive value for clients. Illustrative tools include the following;Data modeling tools (e.g., ERWin, ER/Studio, IBM Data Architect)Database management systems (e.g., MYSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata)ETL tools (e.g. Informatica, DataStage, Goldengate)Consulting Acumen:Strong decision making, project management, and communication skillsDemonstrated ability in engaging and communicating with stakeholders, across both business and technology functionsStrong technical, strategic and business analysis skills with the ability to solve complex problemsIndustry Experience:Prior professional experience in a management consulting environment or client facing role is preferred, but not requiredKnowledge and experience working within Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare or Technology is preferredGeneral:Must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis. Sagence does not provide sponsorship for work visas upon hire or in the future.2-3+ years of professional experience working in a related roleMust be collaborative, innovative, curious, and resourceful, and exhibit a positive attitudeStrong desire to work on interesting projects with smart and creative peopleWillingness to travel to client sites as neededMust reside in the Chicago or New York metropolitan areaOur Culture:Passionate, diverse, creative, genuine, flexible, hands-on…these are just a few of the words that describe our culture. Our Founders and Partners are deeply involved in the client work on a daily basis. We have a high-energy workplace with a focus on producing high-quality, impactful results.We are committed to equality of opportunity, fairness, work and lifestyle balance, and mutual respect. We promote an entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging individual initiative and foster a collaborative culture and work environment which includes open communication and on-going learning. We build teamwork through small, dedicated teams who continuously teach each other and learn from one another. We strongly believe these characteristics enable our employees to develop to their fullest potential. To learn more, please visit us at www.sagenceconsulting.com"
"2643247633"	"Data Modeler"	"Sagence"	2019-01-22	99	143	115	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=240901&s=58&guid=0000016876dfb8df835aff3994fbd3ac&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_8f70ff70&cb=1548182600659&jobListingId=2643247633"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	"Data ModelerCompany Description: Sagence is a management advisory firm dedicated to helping our clients optimize the value of their data assets. From thinking to doing, Sagence works with leading institutions in the acquisition, evaluation, development and management of their critical data assets and in the application of analytics to discover new insights, shorten time-to-value, and drive competitive advantage.Job Overview:Sagence is looking for experienced Data Modelers to help us build and enhance our client’s data capabilities and create a competitive advantage. Listed below is an overview of the position requirements as well as the characteristics of our successful professionals.Requirements:Advanced knowledge of modeling techniques for conceptual, logical and physical data modelsAdvanced knowledge of modeling normalized data structures and manipulating dataFamiliarity with multiple database platforms such as Oracle, DB2 and SQL ServerUnderstanding of the different data storage/access models (transactional, data staging, operational data store, data warehouse, data mart, data federation) and choose the model(s) appropriate for the client. Ability to work with data modeling and repository toolsets (including ERwin and other metadata management toolsets) to create work productsUnderstanding of the characteristics of various data types (structured versus unstructured)Knowledge of data format standards, including industry standards (e.g. XMI for interchange of XML)Experience with Agile methodologiesAbility to define business requirementsAbility to mentor and perform knowledge transfer to support teamTools and Technology:Proficient at leveraging tools and technology to drive value for clients. Illustrative tools include the following;Data modeling tools (e.g., ERWin, ER/Studio, IBM Data Architect)Database management systems (e.g., MYSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata)ETL tools (e.g. Informatica, DataStage, Goldengate)Consulting Acumen:Strong decision making, project management, and communication skillsDemonstrated ability in engaging and communicating with stakeholders, across both business and technology functionsStrong technical, strategic and business analysis skills with the ability to solve complex problemsIndustry Experience:Prior professional experience in a management consulting environment or client facing role is preferred, but not requiredKnowledge and experience working within Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare or Technology is preferredGeneral:Must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis. Sagence does not provide sponsorship for work visas upon hire or in the future.2-3+ years of professional experience working in a related roleMust be collaborative, innovative, curious, and resourceful, and exhibit a positive attitudeStrong desire to work on interesting projects with smart and creative peopleWillingness to travel to client sites as neededMust reside in the Chicago or New York metropolitan areaOur Culture:Passionate, diverse, creative, genuine, flexible, hands-on…these are just a few of the words that describe our culture. Our Founders and Partners are deeply involved in the client work on a daily basis. We have a high-energy workplace with a focus on producing high-quality, impactful results.We are committed to equality of opportunity, fairness, work and lifestyle balance, and mutual respect. We promote an entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging individual initiative and foster a collaborative culture and work environment which includes open communication and on-going learning. We build teamwork through small, dedicated teams who continuously teach each other and learn from one another. We strongly believe these characteristics enable our employees to develop to their fullest potential. To learn more, please visit us at www.sagenceconsulting.com"
"2643247633"	"Data Modeler"	"Sagence"	2019-01-22	99	143	115	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=240901&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_4b096fb9&cb=1548182602452&jobListingId=2643247633"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	"Data ModelerCompany Description: Sagence is a management advisory firm dedicated to helping our clients optimize the value of their data assets. From thinking to doing, Sagence works with leading institutions in the acquisition, evaluation, development and management of their critical data assets and in the application of analytics to discover new insights, shorten time-to-value, and drive competitive advantage.Job Overview:Sagence is looking for experienced Data Modelers to help us build and enhance our client’s data capabilities and create a competitive advantage. Listed below is an overview of the position requirements as well as the characteristics of our successful professionals.Requirements:Advanced knowledge of modeling techniques for conceptual, logical and physical data modelsAdvanced knowledge of modeling normalized data structures and manipulating dataFamiliarity with multiple database platforms such as Oracle, DB2 and SQL ServerUnderstanding of the different data storage/access models (transactional, data staging, operational data store, data warehouse, data mart, data federation) and choose the model(s) appropriate for the client. Ability to work with data modeling and repository toolsets (including ERwin and other metadata management toolsets) to create work productsUnderstanding of the characteristics of various data types (structured versus unstructured)Knowledge of data format standards, including industry standards (e.g. XMI for interchange of XML)Experience with Agile methodologiesAbility to define business requirementsAbility to mentor and perform knowledge transfer to support teamTools and Technology:Proficient at leveraging tools and technology to drive value for clients. Illustrative tools include the following;Data modeling tools (e.g., ERWin, ER/Studio, IBM Data Architect)Database management systems (e.g., MYSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata)ETL tools (e.g. Informatica, DataStage, Goldengate)Consulting Acumen:Strong decision making, project management, and communication skillsDemonstrated ability in engaging and communicating with stakeholders, across both business and technology functionsStrong technical, strategic and business analysis skills with the ability to solve complex problemsIndustry Experience:Prior professional experience in a management consulting environment or client facing role is preferred, but not requiredKnowledge and experience working within Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare or Technology is preferredGeneral:Must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis. Sagence does not provide sponsorship for work visas upon hire or in the future.2-3+ years of professional experience working in a related roleMust be collaborative, innovative, curious, and resourceful, and exhibit a positive attitudeStrong desire to work on interesting projects with smart and creative peopleWillingness to travel to client sites as neededMust reside in the Chicago or New York metropolitan areaOur Culture:Passionate, diverse, creative, genuine, flexible, hands-on…these are just a few of the words that describe our culture. Our Founders and Partners are deeply involved in the client work on a daily basis. We have a high-energy workplace with a focus on producing high-quality, impactful results.We are committed to equality of opportunity, fairness, work and lifestyle balance, and mutual respect. We promote an entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging individual initiative and foster a collaborative culture and work environment which includes open communication and on-going learning. We build teamwork through small, dedicated teams who continuously teach each other and learn from one another. We strongly believe these characteristics enable our employees to develop to their fullest potential. To learn more, please visit us at www.sagenceconsulting.com"
"2804526188"	"Product Manager"	"SeatGeek"	2019-01-17	92	134	111	4.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=120&ao=358317&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_ae074f76&cb=1548182602452&jobListingId=2804526188"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	"Ticketing is a complex, historically opaque industry with a unique set of challenges. At SeatGeek we look to open ticketing with innovative technology, thoughtful interfaces, and an above-all-else focus on our users. As a Product Manager at SeatGeek, you'll become an integral part of our development team, defining and shipping product features that shape the way people find and buy tickets to their favorite live events. What You'll Be Doing You'll work closely with our engineers and designers, helping coordinate new feature launches and ensuring that we're constantly improving our product. Specifically, you will: Envision new product features and then drive their creation, including writing feature specs, making wireframes, detailing goals, defining KPIs, and working with the design and dev team to get them into users' handsProvide UI feedback both in the design and implementation phase of a projectTriage product requests, ideas, and bug reports, and act as an ambassador for your product area to the rest of the companyObsess over product analytics, creating and monitoring product dashboards and constantly finding new insights in our user dataClearly communicate project status to all stakeholders, and take responsibility for deadlines and deliverablesRefine features and increase usage through product improvements and testingMake product decisions backed by quantitative data, mixed with your innate sense for what will delight our usersWhat We're Looking For You have a proven track record of shipping user-facing products, with at least 2+ years of product management experience. You're a curious, detail-oriented, hyper-organized self-starter who can manage a lot of information, projects, and responsibilities at once.  You have great UX and UI instincts, and can clearly express your product vision through both prose and wireframes. You obsess over the details (pixel misalignments make you cringe), while also focusing on what comes next. You have a technical background, and are comfortable making impactful decisions.  Ideally you also have expertise with a majority of the following: Web development technologies such as HTML, CSS, Javascript, PHP/Ruby/Python, and SQLMobile product developmentA design tool such as Sketch, Photoshop, or IllustratorAnalytics and/or business intelligence tools such as Looker and Google AnalyticsProject management tools like Trello, Asana, Jira, Pivotal Tracker, or GitHub IssuesGoogle Spreadsheets and/or ExcelPerks:A competitive base salary and equity stake in a well-funded growth stage companyA laid-back, fun workplace designed to facilitate collaboration and company wide events$120/mo to spend on live events ticketsA superb benefits package that supports health/dental/visionA focus on transparency. We have regular team lunches and Q&A panels where employees can chat openly with teams across SeatGeek, our co-founders, and external guests from the industryAnnual subscriptions to Citibike, Spotify, and meditation services Come Join Us!SeatGeek is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment regardless of race, color, religion, creed, age, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, military or veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law. As an equal opportunities employer, we recognize that diversity is a positive attribute and we welcome the differences and benefits that a diverse culture brings."
"3091727037"	"Senior Analyst, Business Intelligence"	"SoundCloud"	2019-01-19	95	127	108	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=115&ao=211113&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_b23ad87f&cb=1548182602452&jobListingId=3091727037"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	" What's next in music is first on SoundCloud. As the world's largest open audio platform, SoundCloud is powered by a connected community of creators, listeners and curators who share, discover and influence what's new, now and next in music and audio.  At SoundCloud, as an open platform with millions of creators and listeners and several revenue models, we deal with complex questions everyday. To make better informed business decisions, we are looking for a exceptional Business Intelligence Senior Analyst who combines data science excellence with strong business acumen to distill relevant insight from the SC data asset. The role will be based in SoundCloud's New York Office and will be a core part of the Strategy & Research team. The Role: You will be an integral part in SoundCloud's Business Intelligence function to enable a deeper, data-based understanding of the development, trending and dynamics of the company's Creator and Listener business. You will drive sophistication of data-based decision making within the business units. Your work will directly inform strategic thinking across the company and impact, important short, mid-term decisions at middle and senior leadership level.  As Senior Analyst, Business Intelligence you will: Act as a central expert function at the company by designing and implementing our Creator and Listener analysis and reporting frameworksContribute as expert to strategic projects alongside Strategy and Business teams. Such contributions may include behavioral analyses, designing, running and analyzing experimentsIndependently run ad-hoc projects to analyze and understand business implications of proposed decisionsBuild sustainable cross functional relationships across the organization, especially Creator, Listener, Marketing leads, Data Science/Data Platform and Audience ResearchFeel comfortable using SQL, and occasionally Python, to access data when conducting analyses and building Tableau dashboardsWhat you'll bring to the team:Degree in quantitative field (strong academic track record preferred)5+ years of experience in leading tech firms, ideally with streaming, subscription and/or advertising backgroundExceptional analytical skills paired with excellent business judgementAbility to work with large data sets from multiple data sources with excellent SQL skills and some knowledge of PythonExperience with Data Warehouse infrastructure BigQuery and concepts as well designing and deploying ETLs in order to transform big data into meaningful business informationStrong sense of urgency, attention to detail paired with hands-on approach; Ability to handle complex situations with clarity and confidence and thorough analysis (you do the work!)Strong resiliency and ambition to get things done despite an often-changing market and competitive situationStrong communication/presentation skills with a track record of presenting complex analysis to senior managementExcellent ability to build relationships and networks with multiple functions, regions, and at all levels of the organizationExcellent stakeholder management skills with both technical and business audiencesMust strive to deliver excellent work quality If this sounds like you, then we look forward to reviewing your application.  Diversity at SoundCloud  SoundCloud is for everyone. Diversity and open expression are fundamental to our organization they help us build a social platform and global community where anyone can create, discover, and share sounds. We acknowledge the challenges in our industry and strive to develop an inclusive culture where everyone can contribute.SDL2017"
"3087929014"	"Qualitative User Insights Researcher"	"The New York Public Library"	2019-01-16	80	120	98	3.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=112&ao=182894&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_c52d5312&cb=1548182602452&jobListingId=3087929014"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	" Overview  The Strategic Research & Analytics team is The New York Public Library's central node of information and insights about its users, usage, and impact. We support decision makers and program staff across the institution through business intelligence, impact assessment, strategic conversations, user research, and data mentorship.  We are seeking a talented QUALITATIVE DATA ANALYST (Qualitative User Insights Researcher) to join us in articulating the Library's role in the intellectual, cultural, and educational lives of its local and global users; identifying opportunities for innovation and leadership in our research centers, neighborhood branches, and digital properties; and advocating for the needs of our communities.  In this role, you'll draw on your experience with qualitative research methods and impact assessment to translate programmatic and operational questions into multi-modal qualitative user research projects focusing on user and community behaviors, knowledge, and attitudes related to the Library. But you won't just wait for the questions to come to you - you'll also combine your innate curiosity with our existing knowledge base to proactively identify, prioritize, and manage new directions for research from conception to completion.  This is a great opportunity for a creative person interested in directly contributing to the vitality and growth of one of the world's premier library systems and iconic public institutions - at a particularly transformational moment in the evolution of libraries. You'll have the Library's uniquely extensive set of offerings and uniquely diverse user base to explore analytically, and you'll have the chance to collaborate cross-functionally, developing strong relationships with staff throughout the Library.  Principal Responsibilities Leveraging a broad toolkit of qualitative and quantitative research methods, techniques, and tools to design and implement a wide range of research projects and programs (including study design, questionnaire development, survey programming, participant recruitment and, in some cases, coordinating with third-party vendors and IRBs), ranging from large-scale surveys to focus groups to one-on-one user testing and interviews.Translating strategic informational needs into qualitative research plans, creating and operationalizing core success metrics around user knowledge, attitudes, and behaviorsAnalyzing primary research findings using appropriate, statistically sound methods to generate insights informing strategic decisions and evaluating the impact and success of strategic programmatic initiativesCommunicating findings and insights in high-quality research reports and presentations for a variety of internal and external audiences, offering actionable, evidence-based recommendations to optimize program design, user experience and outcomes and identify opportunities for strategic investmentConsulting with programmatic and operational partners to develop research plans meeting their informational needs, mentor them in best practices in qualitative research, and define and implement user-focused success metrics and targetsMaintaining the consistency and quality of surveys conducted across the entire Library through appropriate workflow processes and systems/toolsConducting external industry and market research to contextualize institutional findings and point to new research directionsSynthesizing findings from multiple research projects into a coherent, centralized, and multi-dimensional understanding of our users and their relationship with the Library (referencing categorical tools such as user segmentations and personas)Ensuring that relevant user research informs strategic decisions throughout the institutionMinimum QualificationsBachelor's degree and a minimum of 2 years of hands-on professional experience in relevant market research, user insights, or impact assessment roles that involved qualitative and quantitative applied research, including gathering, analyzing, and communicating user insights to clients (internal or external)Strong command of, and experience with, experimental design, testing, and evaluation methodologies, with an advanced command of potential research questions and techniques and research tools/software (including online survey tools, user testing software)Familiarity with core statistical techniques such as significance testing, correlation, regression, distributions, factor and cluster analysis, and basic predictive modelingAdvanced proficiency in Microsoft Office and Google apps suitesSuperlative listening and observational skills, encompassing the ability to articulate and meet the informational needs behind any research projects, to probe for additional detail and nuance in field interactions, and to detect patterns and systematize output from a qualitative data setAbility to independently produce high-standard, presentation-ready deliverablesAbility to clearly and persuasively communicate analytical insights and methodologies verbally, visually, and in writing to employees at all levels of the organization (from senior management to front-line staff)Demonstrated successful experience working collaboratively and effectively and establishing trusting relationships within a diverse organization, across multiple levels of management and staffDemonstrated learning mindset, with a continual appetite for developing skills and absorbing informationDevoted to advancing the The New York Public Library's mission and values, and a sincerely enthusiastic library promoter! Preferred Qualifications Market research, client service, or agency background3 years of professional experience preferredAcademic background in psychology or anthropology preferred Work Environment  Office Setting  Starting SalaryUnion / Non UnionNon UnionSDL2017"
"2765919836"	"Senior Data Engineer"	"ThoughtWorks"	2019-01-16	134	152	141	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=98222&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_ebc9bddd&cb=1548182602452&jobListingId=2765919836"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	"As a Senior Data Engineer, here's what we'll be looking for you to bring:Hands-on Engineering LeadershipProven track record of Innovation and expertise in Data EngineeringTenure in coding, architecting and delivering complex projectsDeep understanding and application of modern data processing technology stacks. For example Spark, Hadoop ecosystem technologies, and othersDeep understanding of NoSQL technologies including column family, graph, document, and key-value data storage technologiesDeep understanding of relational database technologies and database development techniquesUnderstanding of how to architect solutions for data science and analyticsData management for reporting and BI experience is a plusUnderstanding of \"Agility\", including core values, guiding principles, and key agile practicesUnderstanding of the theory and application of Continuous Integration/DeliveryPassion for software craftmanshipA rich breadth of industry experience and background working across different organizations, ranging in size, from start-ups to large corporations..Strong stakeholder management and interaction experience at different levelsAny experience building and leading an offshore/outsourcing function would be highly beneficial.There's no typical day or engagement for our Senior Engineers. Here's what you'll do:Be the SME. Develop Big Data architectural approach to meet key business objectives and provide end to end development solutionYou might spend a few weeks with a new client on a deep technical review or a complete organizational review, helping them to understand the potential that Big Data has to solve their most pressing problems.On other projects, you might be acting as the architect, leading the design of technical solutions, or perhaps overseeing a program inception to build a new product.It could be much more about getting stuck into a delivery project where you're equally happy coding and tech leading the team to implement the solution.Whatever your role, the team always look to draw on your experience when things get tough and you often handle the difficult client conversations allowing the team to continue delivering without undue pressure.You have great relationships with our new business team and work collaboratively to support pre-sales, meet prospective clients and ultimately influence and shape our portfolio of work.You recognize that building your network with a client is absolutely key to enable you to perform in your role. You'll be drawing on all of your passion for technology, hands-on experience and knowledge of latest Big Data and Engineering best practices to help you gain the respect and credibility of those around you.Regardless of what you do at ThoughtWorks, you'll always have the opportunity to:Think through hard problems, and work with a team to make them reality.Learn something new every day.Work in a dynamic, collaborative, transparent, non-hierarchal, and ego-free culture where your talent is valued over a role titleTravel the world.Speak at conferences.Write blogs and books.Develop your career outside of the confinements of a traditional career path by focusing on what you're passionate about rather than a predetermined one-size-fits-all planBe part of a company with Social and Economic Justice at the heart of its mission.Not quite ready to apply? Or maybe this isn't the right role for you?That's OK, you can stay in touch with AccessThoughtWorks, our learning community (tick 'contact me about recruitment opportunities' to hear about jobs in the future).  #LI-NA"
"2917082343"	"Senior Consultant"	"TIBCO Software"	2019-01-18	88	126	103	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=186569&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_a06cd721&cb=1548182602452&jobListingId=2917082343"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	" The Professional Services Consultant performs analysis, designs and develops (full lifecycle) reporting and business intelligence solutions as well as delivers technical training on Jaspersoft’s software. Ability to effectively communicate instruction both verbally and writtenAbility to travel to client locations up to 70% of scheduleWork independently at client sites and home office locationsAbility to identify and respond to client issuesExhibit sound judgment in escalation of client issuesParticipate in pre-sales activities and internal development projectsPossess combination of technical and client management skills."
"3090894972"	"Business Analyst"	"Tradeweb Markets LLC"	2019-01-18	62	101	81	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=106&ao=305341&s=58&guid=0000016876dfb8df835aff3994fbd3ac&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_94c1af6a&cb=1548182600659&jobListingId=3090894972"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	"Responsibilities/Accountabilities:Financial modeling and valuation analysis related to current businesses and new opportunitiesContract and pricing evaluations related to new or existing contract negotiationGeneral corporate financial projectsPresentation of board materialsProven business partnering skills with the ability to communicate financial information in a concise and accessible manner to non-finance personnel and management"
"3064506386"	"Data Engineering Business Analyst"	"Tudor Investment Corporation"	2019-01-16	149	167	157	2.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=118&ao=8095&s=58&guid=0000016876dfb8df835aff3994fbd3ac&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_1a935dff&cb=1548182600659&jobListingId=3064506386"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	" The Business Analyst focusing on Data Engineering and Business Intelligence efforts will work with both Business and Information Technology stakeholders to define, plan, prioritize, and deliver projects. The candidate will establish a development and deployment framework, which will include testing and monitoring around the project/product. This person will devote time to working with internal and external resources to re-engineer the firms' usage of data content which includes data acquisition, cleaning, monitoring, and delivery. This individual will develop and maintain internal client relationships and be the primary point of contact for the business to IT in the Data Engineering and Business Intelligence space. ResponsibilitiesAnalyze problems facing our clients, capturing and documenting the functional requirements.Work closely with the Data Services team to re-engineer the management and delivery of data content used by the firm.Work closely with business users and IT counterparts to understand current workflows, gather business/functional requirements, identify potential improvements, and manage client relationships.Working with leaders within IT and Technical Business Users, establish a development and deployment framework specifically for python and other tools used for Business Intelligence activities.Enforce uniform and consistent methods of delivery of data content to end users.Ensure the communication workflow and alignment across IT teams on a given project.Define and create project plans for project and product prioritization and implementationBuild and execute test cases that confirm the solution meets business requirements. Additionally, aid the design of regression and integration tests by identifying relevant test cases.Author and present status updates, open questions, project health, etc. to stakeholders and steering committees.Evaluate trade-offs between project size and complexity, cost, urgency, risk, and stakeholder valuePartner with business sponsors to define success metrics and criteriaBuild, lead, and coach project teams throughout project lifecyclesAssess and resolve all high priority project risks as they are encounteredEnsure all projects adhere to project methodology compliance standards set by the companyContinually update relevant business stakeholder of project status Job Requirements5-10 years' experience at a financial firm in a business analysis / project management role or 5-10 years' experience managing a large data re-engineering product/project.Bachelor's degree in majors that bridge Computer Science and BusinessAn advanced degree and/or Project Management certification is strongly desiredAbility to communicate with the Front Office communityStrong analytical skills with the ability to work with complex multi-faceted issues.Ability to prepare and present complex data in a simple, understandable manner.Ability to perform successfully in a fast paced, rapidly changing environment and manage multiple priorities and assignments concurrently.Understanding of various financial instruments, financial data and experience in the Hedge Fund environment are a plus.Experience delivering APIs/data access for front office users is a plus. Technical SkillsUnderstanding of software development lifecycles (i.e. Agile, SCRUM, Waterfall, Iterative)Proficient with the Project and Portfolio Management Tools (Visio, MS Project, Clarity, etc.)"
"3092043798"	"Business Intelligence Consultant - NYC OR NJ - Finance"	"Twenty Recruitment Group"	2019-01-20	70	115	86	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=208029&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_f54b226a&cb=1548182602451&jobListingId=3092043798"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	" &nbsp &nbsp Senior BI Consultant- Finance- NYC OR NJ Technical Skills: BI, Qlik, Qliksense, Qlikview, Qlik Sense, Qlik View, SQL, Tableau, Cognos, Business Objects, Big Data, Hadoop, Data Modeling, Data Warehousing, Power BI, JavaScript, AngularJS, Node.js Pay rate: $850- 900/ day NYC based Financial powerhouse is looking to build out their Business Intelligence Team located in either NJ or NYC. The ideal candidate has previous experience developing and architecting technology platforms using BI/reporting solutions. Previous programming experience with web development languages (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AngularJS, Node.js) is a plus. Qualifications Advanced SQL skills- comfortable with all aspects of database design techniques 3+ years working with Qlik (either QlikSense or Qlikview) Extensive experience working with data warehousing methodologies and familiarity with dimensional data modeling Other desired (but not required) skills Experience working with extremely large data volumes Understanding of BI tools: Tableau, Cognos, Business Objects Previous web experience: HTML, JavaScript, AngularJS, Node.js Understanding of ETL or ELT data modeling Experience working in a Big Data Environment For more information, please apply via the link. To get in touch directly, contact Stephanie Moriarty at 1-646-###-#### or by email at Those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply. - provided by Dice  BI, Qlik, Qliksense, Qlikview, Qlik Sense, Qlik View, SQL, Tableau, Cognos, Business Objects, Big Data, Hadoop, Data Modeling, Data Warehousing, Power BI, JavaScript, AngularJS, Node.js  Associated topics: business analytic, business intelligence, financial analyst, financial reporting analyst, investment analytics, investment banking, legal, market, refine, valuation analyst"
"3031127712"	"Data Discovery Operations Analyst"	"Two Sigma"	2019-01-16	93	125	108	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=413086&s=149&guid=0000016876dfb8df9571f95d94515efa&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_d4306dc3&cb=1548182600626&jobListingId=3031127712"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	" With the breathtaking pace at which data is growing, and with new types of data coming online and new hypotheses becoming measurable, we continue to face the inspiring and exciting challenge to reveal value in the world’s data. We are seeking intellectually curious and creative analysts who are deeply passionate about data exploration, augmentation, and analysis to join our team. In this role, you will partner with our close-knit team of data sourcing colleagues, engineers, quantitative researchers, and data scientists to translate data into actionable insights and to accelerate our vibrant research pipeline. Key responsibilities include: While financial industry experience is a plus, we are open-minded in our search for critical thinkers who are passionate about technology and data.Operating and extending our data discovery platform to allow for colleagues to discover, trial and purchase datasetsIdentifying and generating reports about our workflowsProject management of various data pipelines to ensure that new datasets are constantly being evaluated Requirements include:A strong academic track record with university coursework or related data analysis experience.Applied data analysis experience, especially using popular scripting languages (particularly Python) and/or data analysis tools and languages (PyData, R, Julia, Matlab, Tableau).Deep intellectual curiosity and passion for data.Excellent problem solving, communication, and analytical skills.Eagerness to work in an evolving and fast-paced environment."
"3067748306"	"Analytics & Insights Senior Data Analyst"	"Uber"	2019-01-18	101	130	113	4.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=134571&s=58&guid=0000016876dfb8df835aff3994fbd3ac&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_6a7435cf&cb=1548182600659&jobListingId=3067748306"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	" At Uber, we ignite opportunity by setting the world in motion. We take on big problems to help drivers, riders, delivery partners, and eaters get moving in more than 600 cities around the world. We welcome people from all backgrounds who seek the opportunity to help build a future where everyone and everything can move independently. If you have the curiosity, passion, and collaborative spirit, work with us, and lets move the world forward, together.  About the Role As a member of the Uber Eats Analytics & Insights team, the Senior Data Analyst will drive the analyses behind decisions related to our community's support experience and management of Uber Eats Restaurant support. Youll work with a cross functional team of product managers, business leaders, and Ubers customer support network to address the complex challenges of scaling our business while building out a world-class support network for our restaurant partners. The Senior Data Analyst will play a big part in developing our strategy to scale restaurant support as we develop onboarding, engagement and retention strategies. You will apply advanced analytics skills like experimental design and statistical modeling, along with advanced reporting through R and Python. The ideal candidate for this role has excellent analytical and time-management skills, with the ability to communicate and present information for stakeholders at all levels of the business. You should apply for this position if you possess a passion for improving techniques, processes, tracking, analytical insights and technology used by restaurant support team to achieve our bold goals.  What Youll Do Own data analysis and visualization, and communicate the outcomes/insights to various stakeholders including senior management to aid strategic decisions for improvements in support experience for drivers and riders Coordinate with other members of the Community Operations Team to measure the impact and efficiency of new products and business processes Develop analytical frameworks to support decision making in the US and Canada Partner closely with Uber Eats Restaurant Support team to provide insights that drive decisions around process, policy and service model Build, maintain, and communicate detailed reporting & models Develop dashboards that provide reliable insights and visualization into the restaurant experience Implement and analyze A/B experiments What Youll Need Bachelors Degree Minimum 3-4 years of data science, business intelligence, investment banking, consulting or related experience Expertise in SQL ( Hive or Presto experience a plus) Experience with R and/or Python (fluency in either language preferred) Strong teamwork skills and desire to help others learn Exceptional data management skills Strong communication and organization skills Hustle and entrepreneurship - driven and focused self-starter Strategic mindset - you're comfortable thinking a few steps ahead of where the team is at now Bonus Points If High-growth analytics or operations experience Experience working in a support environment (contact management analytics, Zendesk API familiarity, etc.) Experience in advanced reporting tools such as R Shiny, Dash, or Bokeh About the Team The NorthAm Community Operations team ensures that we are providing high-quality support at scale. The Analytics & Insights team is tasked with providing critical business insights to help identify opportunities and implement operational improvements across our entire organization."
"3066920407"	"Business Analyst - Business Intelligence"	"UBS"	2019-01-18	68	110	88	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=128&ao=201248&s=58&guid=0000016876dfc010a8de790c20ba4fe2&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_3586e775&cb=1548182602453&jobListingId=3066920407"	2019-01-22 13:44:06	"Your RoleAre you passionate about creating powerful analytic solutions? Do you possess Jedi-level BI skills? We're looking for someone who can help us: Analyze and decipher complex dataCollect and formulate business requirements via interviews and user discussionsDocument functional requirements, business processes, use-cases and other project artifactsDeliver wireframes and prototypes for reports, visualizations, and dashboardsAnalyze current vs. target business processes and provide recommendations for process improvementsProvide hands-on expertise within all phases of the SDLC (as it relates to BI and data warehousing)Take the next stepAre you truly collaborative? Succeeding at UBS means respecting, understanding and trusting colleagues and clients. Challenging others and being challenged in return. Being passionate about what you do. Driving yourself forward, always wanting to do things the right way. Does that sound like you? Then you have the right stuff to join us. Apply now.Disclaimer / Policy StatementsUBS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce.Your teamYou’ll be part of the Evidence Lab Innovations team within the Investment Bank in New York. Evidence Lab Innovations is charged with helping clients make better decisions with data. The analytics team is a pillar in the technology platform which provides insights to a variety of users across the bank. We work with a large number of groups, including CRM, data science, marketing, data quality teams and operations. We have a common goal to help provide meaningful insights and solutions that drive better decision-making.Your expertiseYou have: – 5+ years of experience leading data warehouse and BI projects  – Significant expertise in defining requirements, business process documentation, change management, and stakeholder management  – Proficiency with Business Intelligence platforms and visualization tools (i.e. Tableau, OBIEE, Looker, Business Objects, QlikView)  – Superior communication skills and a demonstrated ability to build consensus across different levels of the organization  – Excellent data analysis skills, including the ability to work with and profile large data sets  – Deep fundamental knowledge of data warehouse principles and dimensional modeling  – Experience working within waterfall and agile project management frameworks  – Understanding of master data management and data governance practices You are: – Highly driven in your pursuit to make the world a better place through data-based decision making  – Excellent at managing expectations across all stakeholders including IT, business users and management  – Passionate about using data to understand and solve complex business questions  – Pragmatic and methodical in your approach to design and translate requirements which are easily understood by both business and technical counterparts  – Able to effectively learning new tools, methods, applications and processes  – Superior at analyzing data to evaluate quality, completeness and value of new data sets"
