"jobListingId"	"title"	"company"	"last_updated"	"salary_min_est"	"salary_max_est"	"salary_est"	"review"	"url"	"run_time"	"description"
"3084620367"	"Business Intelligence Analyst"	"AXA"	2019-01-11	75	101	85	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=103&ao=372858&s=58&guid=000001684d889decb237996e6f1213bc&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_a5f09424&cb=1547489026303&jobListingId=3084620367"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	" Job Purpose Are you looking to join a company and business that is bucking the trend? Do you have an analytical mindset and a thirst to employ state-of-the-art digital and analytics tools to drive tangible value to a business? Are you looking to help build a business intelligence capacity at one of the largest insurance companies in the world? If you answered yes to any of those questions then this could be the job for you AXA is looking for someone that can conduct data engineering, data science, and business intelligence functions for the company This position will be part"
"2827776461"	"Business Intelligence Developer"	"B&H Photo Video"	2019-01-09	92	132	106	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=124&ao=4132&s=58&guid=000001684d889decb237996e6f1213bc&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_70fcf8cb&cb=1547489026304&jobListingId=2827776461"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	"Job Overview: BI developer will be responsible for enhancing our reporting architecture, participating in UX design, dashboard/application creation and administration. Their responsibilities include translating business requirements to technical specifications, making sure best practices are followed. They will determine the suitable visualization techniques, verify data integrity and report accuracy. S/he will assist Junior developers (Level 1) with report performance optimization techniques. Essential Responsibilities: • MicroStrategy administration including: o Upgrades o Project deployment and migration o Users and security filters maintenance o Usage monitoring • MicroStrategy BI Project development lifecycle. o Data modeling: designing the semantic layer, schema layer, dimension modeling o End-to-end implementation of Business Intelligence (BI) projects (reports, cubes, interactive dashboards, documents) o Trouble-shooting and tuning SQL queries o Conduct business user discussions for requirements gathering and architecting solutions for BI projects. o Train and mentor team members and business users. Additional Responsibilities: As assigned by the manager Specific Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: • Demonstrated experience with full BI Administration cycle. • Experience with BI architecture (tables, attributes, facts, hierarchies, etc.) • Proficient in designing and developing reporting solutions • Experience with Data mining; advanced analytics and predictive analysis is a plus • Experience with advanced MicroStrategy features (distribution services, transaction services, mobile, etc.) is a plus Apply to: employment@bhphoto.com We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V. "
"3082056390"	"Analyst - HR Employee Data Management"	"BNP Paribas"	2019-01-09	73	111	94	3.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=119&ao=352789&s=58&guid=000001684d8898dc85df75b7d644a324&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_e5fc591a&cb=1547489024758&jobListingId=3082056390"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	" BNP Paribas is a leading bank in Europe with an international reach. It has a presence in 75 countries, with more than 189,000 employees, including more than 146,000 in Europe. The Group has key positions in its three main activities: Domestic Markets and International Financial Services (whose retail-banking networks and financial services are covered by Retail Banking & Services) and Corporate & Institutional Banking, which serves two client franchises: corporate clients and institutional investors. The Group helps all its clients (individuals, community associations, entrepreneurs, SMEs, corporates and institutional clients) to realise their projects through solutions spanning financing, investment, savings and protection insurance. In Europe, the Group has four domestic markets (Belgium, France, Italy and Luxembourg) and BNP Paribas Personal Finance is the leader in consumer lending. BNP Paribas is rolling out its integrated retail-banking model in Mediterranean countries, in Turkey, in Eastern Europe and a large network in the western part of the United States. In its Corporate & Institutional Banking and International Financial Services activities, BNP Paribas also enjoys top positions in Europe, a strong presence in the Americas as well as a solid and fast-growing business in Asia-Pacific.  About BNP Paribas Corporate and Institutional Banking Fully integrated in the BNP Paribas Group, BNP Paribas Corporate and Institutional Banking (CIB) is a leading provider of solutions to two client franchises: corporates and institutionals, and operates across EMEA (Europe Middle East Africa), APAC (Asia Pacific) and the Americas. The bank is a global leader in Debt Capital Markets and Derivatives. It is a top European house in Equity Capital Markets and it has leading franchises in Specialized Financing. In Securities Services, it is a top five House worldwide. BNP Paribas CIB strives to service the global economy by providing solutions to its clients in financing (ECM, DCM, specialized financing), flow banking (trade finance and cash management), financial advisory (M&A, project finance), global markets (interest rates, credit, foreign exchange, equity derivatives), risk management, and securities services. www.cib.bnpparibas.com  Business Overview: The HR Employee Data Management (HR EDM) analyst is responsible for updating and maintaining employee data in a timely and accurate manner and in accordance with EDM procedures. EDM teams main responsibilities fall under:  Employee Data Administration and Maintenance Data Governance Responsibilities: Data management, administration and maintenance Ensure validation of employee data in HR information systems including onboarding of permanent, temp and outsourced hires Collaborate with Recruiting coordinators to support onboarding of new resources and internal mobility transfers Responsible for I9 Employment Verification for weekly new hires at HR Orientation Responsible for I9 re-verifications process Liaising with Finance and Business Management teams to processes/validates updates on employee data including cost center changes, location changesetc. Responsible for cost center creation and updates in various HR systems (PeopleSoft / Smart) Responsible for data maintenance of employee data attributes in HR systems (JAD codes, Severance/Separation agreements, Termination data, dual employment information, Visa informationetc.) Efficiently manages employee termination processing in timely and sensitive manner liaising with HR Employee Relations team and internal stakeholders Responsible for updating information in Global HR Systems (Spear) Responsible for updating Time off system (TOMnet) for adjustments related to PTO days Responsible for creating dual employment letters and liaising with proper signatories Maintain and administrate physical copies of employees files in Share point Monitor system data feeds for errors and process as necessary Proactively analyzes current operational and business processes, makes recommendations, and execute changes to improve efficiency Collaborate with HR & business stakeholders on employee data related projects Data Governance Reconciles data discrepancies and data quality between PeopleSoft and other internal IT systems Perform, document and report all controls & procedures relevant to Employee Data Management Ensures strict respect of Data Governance Principles across all HR IT systems and databases Supports internal and external data auditing, on a regular and ad hoc basis Manages HR data integrity in the systems by proactively conducting audits and analyzing data transactions Required Qualifications: Bachelors degree or higher in Human Resources, Business Administration or related field Preferred Qualifications: 1-3+ years of HR experience Strong Excel skills Experience with HR core processes Knowledge of PeopleSoft Excellent written and verbal communication Ability to adapt to changing priorities Able to work well independently and in a team environment Proven client service oriented mindset Strong organizational skills Demonstrate ability to effectively collaborate and communicate with the respective HR and Business stakeholders; anticipate and identify business needs and recommend solutions to business problems FINRA Registrations Required: Not applicable BNP Paribas is committed to providing a work environment that fosters diversity, inclusion, and equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, gender, age, creed, sex, religion, national origin, disability (physical or mental), marital status, citizenship, ancestry, sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression, or any other legally protected status. BNPPRSR"
"3082170642"	"Analyst HR Employee Data Management"	"BNP Paribas"	2019-01-09	73	111	94	3.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=352789&s=58&guid=000001684d8898dc85df75b7d644a324&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_67874dd1&cb=1547489024758&jobListingId=3082170642"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	" Overview: The HR Employee Data Management (HR EDM) analyst is responsible for updating and maintaining employee data in a timely and accurate manner and in accordance with EDM procedures. EDM teams main responsibilities fall under:  Employee Data Administration and Maintenance Data Governance Responsibilities: Data management, administration and maintenance Ensure validation of employee data in HR information systems including onboarding of permanent, temp and outsourced hires Collaborate with Recruiting coordinators to support onboarding of new resources and internal mobility transfers Responsible for I9 Employment Verification for weekly new hires at HR Orientation Responsible for I9 re-verifications process Liaising with Finance and Business Management teams to processes/validates updates on employee data including cost center changes, location changesetc. Responsible for cost center creation and updates in various HR systems (PeopleSoft / Smart) Responsible for data maintenance of employee data attributes in HR systems (JAD codes, Severance/Separation agreements, Termination data, dual employment information, Visa informationetc.) Efficiently manages employee termination processing in timely and sensitive manner liaising with HR Employee Relations team and internal stakeholders Responsible for updating information in Global HR Systems (Spear) Responsible for updating Time off system (TOMnet) for adjustments related to PTO days Responsible for creating dual employment letters and liaising with proper signatories Maintain and administrate physical copies of employees files in Share point Monitor system data feeds for errors and process as necessary Proactively analyzes current operational and business processes, makes recommendations, and execute changes to improve efficiency Collaborate with HR & business stakeholders on employee data related projects Data Governance Reconciles data discrepancies and data quality between PeopleSoft and other internal IT systems Perform, document and report all controls & procedures relevant to Employee Data Management Ensures strict respect of Data Governance Principles across all HR IT systems and databases Supports internal and external data auditing, on a regular and ad hoc basis Manages HR data integrity in the systems by proactively conducting audits and analyzing data transactions Required Qualifications: Bachelors degree or higher in Human Resources, Business Administration or related field Preferred Qualifications: 1-3+ years of HR experience Strong Excel skills Experience with HR core processes Knowledge of PeopleSoft Excellent written and verbal communication Ability to adapt to changing priorities Able to work well independently and in a team environment Proven client service oriented mindset Strong organizational skills Demonstrate ability to effectively collaborate and communicate with the respective HR and Business stakeholders; anticipate and identify business needs and recommend solutions to business problems"
"2998057701"	"Data Analyst, Brand Solutions"	"Criteo"	2019-01-12	90	120	105	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=118&ao=133065&s=58&guid=000001684d8898dc85df75b7d644a324&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_f78f2e81&cb=1547489024758&jobListingId=2998057701"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	"Who we areAt Criteo, we are building the advertising platform of choice for the open Internet, an ecosystem that favors neutrality, transparency and inclusiveness. With more than 1.4 billion active shoppers and $600 billion in annual commerce sales, we deliver performance at scale. Founded in a Paris start-up incubator, Criteo now carries out our entrepreneurial spirit across 30+ global offices. Do you want to have an impact on more than half of the worlds internet users? Join us and be part of something big. A Data Analyst on the Analytics (AX) team is a key player in understanding every aspect of Criteos complex business. This role interfaces across the organization to answer challenging analytical questions related to the performance of Criteo Sponsored Products. The scope involves both technically rigorous work, including the use of leading-edge data analysis technologies, and daily interaction with other cross-functional business units as well as external clients.What you'll doAs a member of Analytics, you will be joining a team that is growing and in spotlight with focus to turn rich data into actionable insights. We are looking for an experienced individual who enjoys collaborating with various Executives, Account Management, Sales, and Marketing to help them make data driven decisions. Whether you are delivering clear and actionable insights to advertisers or retailers, analyzing customer behavior and trends, setting up testing, or data mining you will be working with sharp individuals leveraging cutting edge technology and mining multi-terabyte datasets. You have a proven track record of strength in quantitative analysis, are committed to rapidly advancing in your career, and have a strong interest in learning and shaping e-commerce retail.Who you are[MUST HAVE] 2+ years professional experience generating insights from large datasets[MUST HAVE] Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills with exceptional attention to detail[MUST HAVE] Strong business communication skills [MUST BE] Listener, collaborator and team player[MUST HAVE] Proficient writing SQL or SAS or Python or R or any data mining software.[PREFERRED] Familiarity to Ad Technology or Display Technology or web technology or Online retail[PREFERRED] Understanding of digital marketing concepts (CPC, CTR, ROAS, etc.)Strong educational background: Bachelor/Master degree in Mathematics, Engineering, Statistics, Economics, or ScienceAt Criteo, we dare to be different. We believe that diversity fuels innovation and creates an energy that can be seen and felt all over Criteo. We champion different perspectives and are committed to creating a workplace where all Criteos are heard and feel a sense of belonging.Criteo collects your personal data for the purposes of managing Criteo's recruitment related activities. Consequently, Criteo may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants. Your information will be accessible to the different Criteo entities across the world. By clicking the \"Apply\" button you expressly give your consent."
"3027704035"	"Data Analyst, Insights and Marketing Analytics"	"Criteo"	2019-01-11	90	120	105	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=133065&s=58&guid=000001684d8898dc85df75b7d644a324&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_f56d8542&cb=1547489024758&jobListingId=3027704035"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	"Who we areAt Criteo, we are building the advertising platform of choice for the open Internet, an ecosystem that favors neutrality, transparency and inclusiveness. With more than 1.4 billion active shoppers and $600 billion in annual commerce sales, we deliver performance at scale. Founded in a Paris start-up incubator, Criteo now carries out our entrepreneurial spirit across 30+ global offices. Do you want to have an impact on more than half of the worlds internet users? Join us and be part of something big. OverviewInsights and Marketing Analytics at CriteoCriteo is in search of a passionate, highly motivated Data Analyst to join our Insights & Marketing Analytics (IMAX) team that sits between our Paris, London, New York and Los Angeles offices. The IMAX team is a specialized, global team of insights and analytics professionals located in Paris, London, New York and Los Angeles. This global team is responsible for the insights that fuel Criteo-created content; the creation, execution, and analysis of customer, shopper, and marketer surveys; the analysis of Criteos own paid media; and the evangelization of data-driven methods and data storytelling across all of Criteo. While the IMAX team directly supports the needs of the global Marketing team, we also interface with commercially-facing teams (such as Sales and Account Strategy), with Criteo clients, and with the marketplace itself via conferences, via the press, and via industry influencers. Your role at CriteoYou will be working closely with the global Marketing team to create the insights that fuel our message in the marketplace. You will own the analysis behind some of our most important pieces of recurring and ad-hoc thought leadership. You will see your work directly cited in the press, at industry conferences, and by our commercial teams. Examples of such work are available on our website.· Our Global Commerce Review at https://www.criteo.com/insights/global-commerce-review-map/· Our Gen Z center of information at https://www.criteo.com/insights/topic/gen-z-marketing/· Our Research Reports center at https://www.criteo.com/insights/format/research-reports/Youll work closely with the IMAX and Content teams to turn Criteos extraordinary commerce data set into market-facing insights. You will also directly support Criteos in-house surveys of customers, shoppers, and marketers, on a global basis. You will create, launch, and maintain interactive tools using Tableau (or other technologies) that allow the broader set of global Criteos to access your work at scale. The position combines traditional technical data analytics work, including the use of SQL, Excel, Hive, R/Python, with the softer part of data science: storytelling with data.This position involves dealing with a considerable amount of complex, real-world data and requires a candidate who is comfortable thinking of new and innovative ways to analyze data and solve problems. The ideal candidate will be enthusiastic about data storytelling and embrace the concept of the full stack data analytics professional as a career choiceWhat you'll doDevelop a deep knowledge of how to analyze trends across client, product groups, and verticals in all of Criteos global marketsDevelop automations in R/Python to increase department efficiency and allow projects to scaleUnderstand how Criteo creates data across various data stores (Vertica / Hive). Serve as IMAX point person regarding the meaning of data and best practices around data accessContribute to new ways of using Criteos vast storehouse of data, including developing higher quality approaches to existing offerings as well as innovating to create new market-worthy content from scratch.Create custom tables in databases to increase the quality of IMAX analysis. Support IMAX data for the global Criteo analytics communityOwn and maintain reports/code in Tableau, R, Python or other relevant technologiesLiaise with other teams as needed, including non-IMAX Analytics, Product Marketing, Sales, and Account StrategyWork with IMAX and Marketing team members to develop our strategic approach to content. Align our initiatives with Criteos overall direction and ensure that IMAX projects contribute to business resultsWho you areBachelors degree or higher in a quantitative field (Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Economics, etc.) Strong interest in combining analytical/technical skills with softer/communication skills1-4 years of relevant work experience, with skills being more important that the specific industryStrong communication skills in English and local-language, with the ability translate technical approaches into English Strong intellectual curiosity and ability to structure and solve difficult problems with minimal supervision Understanding of how to extract data from relational databases (i.e. SQL), including data which spans multiple tablesInterest in internet advertising and, more broadly, in Marketing as a discipline.Knowledge of business intelligence tools: Excel / PivotTables / Cognos / Tableau a plusSome experience with R and/or Python, in both the context of creating automation and using R/Python for data analysis and visualizationAbility to engage in some international travel, including to the United StatesWhy CriteoAn Expansive Global Culture that Feels Local. The environment of an international startup. The success of a high growth tech company. The adventure of expanding boundaries, shattering precedents and transforming the digital advertising industry. 100% premium coverage of Healthcare Plan. When apples arent enoughCompetitive compensation. Be fancyCareer advancement with global mobility opportunities. A little bit of Je ne sais quoiVacation policy. Because your mom misses youHappy hour, snacks, arcade/game rooms. Eat. Drink. Be merryTravel & reimbursement options. Until jetpacks are a thing401(k) fully vested matching. Basically free $$$#LI-LS2At Criteo, we dare to be different. We believe that diversity fuels innovation and creates an energy that can be seen and felt all over Criteo. We champion different perspectives and are committed to creating a workplace where all Criteos are heard and feel a sense of belonging.Criteo collects your personal data for the purposes of managing Criteo's recruitment related activities. Consequently, Criteo may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants. Your information will be accessible to the different Criteo entities across the world. By clicking the \"Apply\" button you expressly give your consent."
"3081261689"	"Data and Reporting Analyst"	"Cynet Corp"	2019-01-08	70	104	84	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=117&ao=352789&s=58&guid=000001684d8898dc85df75b7d644a324&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_4929f4fd&cb=1547489024758&jobListingId=3081261689"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	" We are looking for Data and Reporting Analyst for our client in New York, NY  Job Title: Data and Reporting Analyst  Job Location: New York, NY  Job Type: Contract Job Description: Solid knowledge of business data requirement gathering and analysis techniques  Deep understanding of complex data relationships associated to business processes  Ability to analyze reporting data requirements, produce data integration functional specifications and source to target mapping documents  Understanding of various data transfer and change data capture mechanisms  Understanding of error handling and data reconciliation processes  Ability to communicate technical information to non-technical audience  Knowledge and understanding of data models and database design  Knowledge of commercial underwriting business processes within property and liability insurance domains is highly desirable  Understanding of ISO and other bureau reporting is highly desirable  Understanding of policy administration system functionalities is desirable  Experience with testing of reporting outputs is required and exposure to COGNOS reporting is desirable  Working experience in a PEGA environment is desirable  Excellent customer facing, presentation and written communication skills  Analyze reporting requirements and source data structures to produce mapping specifications  Coordinate with business analysts to coordinate and resolve source data mapping issues  Create test scenarios to validate reporting output support defect analysis and triaging  Work with development teams to clarify questions  Coordinate with business stakeholders to ensure conformity of reporting outputs  Follow project timelines to ensure timely delivery and escalate risks and issues to project management teams"
"3055963540"	"Senior Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Dataminr"	2019-01-09	125	165	142	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=337462&s=149&guid=000001684d889dec9eb49c6ed82d0f9e&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_ec55af7d&cb=1547489026267&jobListingId=3055963540"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	"Type: Full TimeWho we are: We are Dataminr. We deliver real-time, actionable alerts that are derived from vast amounts of publicly available information. Our clients are the first to know about high-impact events and critical breaking information, giving them the opportunity to act faster and stay one step ahead when every second counts. We are a mission-driven company committed to the power of real-time information as a force for good in the world.  Our groundbreaking AI and machine learning technology cuts through the noise in an increasingly complex landscape by detecting, classifying, and determining the significance of public information. Headquartered in NYC, Dataminr has revolutionized the way that global news, finance, public sector, corporate security and PR/communications professionals know and act on critical, relevant information to protect people, assets and brands.  Along the way, we've grown to over 450 talented employees across six global offices, raised over $570 million from leading venture and growth technology investors, and been referred to as the \"super tool of journalists and hedge funds.\" We've received numerous awards and accolades from our clients, including recognition from CNBC as one of the world's 50 most disruptive private technology companies in 2016 and joining Forbes' definitive list of the top 100 private cloud companies in the world, in 2017 and 2018.  A career at Dataminr offers the ability to make a meaningful impact at a rapidly growing tech company with a startup culture, while being supported by the experience of a company founded in 2009. We value ownership, curiosity and drive on an individual level and live these values every day. We empower everyone to have a voice at the table and regularly invest in professional development. Our culture promotes cross team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it enables us to do our best work and have fun. Who you are: You're an experienced and technical Senior Business Intelligence Analyst interested in applying your quantitative skills to challenging questions within a data-intensive, information SAAS business that drives innovation across multiple sectors. You have worked closely with senior executives in a highly analytical role (data analysis and visualization, business or marketing analysis, optimization problems) understanding and refining key metrics and their relationships to measure business success. You develop warm relationships with stakeholders and enjoy helping them understand metric trade-offs as you drive influential decisions forward and create impactful change. You excel when you are extracting meaning from complex and big datasets and you have ample technical experience with optimizing SQL, BI platforms, and using Python and R to transform granular event data into aggregated insights [bonus for experience with Spark, SCALA, Redshift, Vertica or Presto]. You communicate your insights both verbally and visually, you are comfortable managing your own work while juggling multiple priorities in a rapidly-growing organization and you naturally build effective partnerships across organizational and functional boundaries in order to deliver high-quality and impactful results. The opportunity: Data Analysts at Dataminr continuously improve the accuracy and efficiency of our analytics and reporting infrastructure. We drive process optimizations forward and provide an analytical framework for the insights that inform product, marketing, sales, and business decisions across the company. This is an opportunity to shape the next generation of our analytics platform including the evaluation of AI features. You'll work to refine what we measure and how we interpret and use that data to inform business decisions. To do this, you'll use a combination of 3rd party and homegrown BI tooling to transform raw data into meaningful insights informed by best practices in data governance and analytical techniques. You'll identify metrics that enable high quality understanding of the performance of the company's key initiatives and then work with our BI and Analytics Engineers to implement the corresponding custom metrics, dashboards and tooling that measure and track performance. You'll work with individual teams to enhance their use of data to improve efficiencies and you'll continually teach what you learn to others.  In the first month, you'll start off by learning the ropes, spending time with different parts of the company to understand how Dataminr works.get up to speed on our company metrics, our data structures and our BI tooling with overview sessions and deep dives with your team.contribute code to production systems. Within 3 months, you'll: Help to plan new metrics and refinements to existing metrics.share responsibility for BI projects with other members of your team.begin to take more of a role in helping others understand our BI strategy. Within 6 months, you'll: own BI initiatives that impact multiple teams.be influential in helping plan the next iterations of our BI tooling.bring new ideas to our engineering and BI processes to help us improve constantly.The way we work: To maintain our momentum, we need a talented, diverse team of people committed to the idea that real-time information can be a force for good in the world. We take initiative, ownership, and are accountable.We work urgently and thoughtfully and are driven to constantly improve.We share knowledge, consider varied perspectives, and assume positive intent.We are commercially minded and deliver measurable results.We maintain a sense of humor and humility.Our offering of competitive benefits and perks include:Company paid benefits for employees and their dependents, such as medical, dental, vision, disability and lifeFlexible spending account to be used for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses401(k) savings plan with company matchingGenerous leaveDaily catered lunchA kitchen fully stocked with snacks and beveragesDiscounted Gym MembershipDataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.#LI-ID"
"3080911506"	"Senior Business Intelligence Engineer"	"Dataminr"	2019-01-08	147	203	178	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=337462&s=58&guid=000001684d889decb237996e6f1213bc&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_30b34bf0&cb=1547489026304&jobListingId=3080911506"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	"Type: Full TimeWho we are: We are Dataminr. We deliver real-time, actionable alerts that are derived from vast amounts of publicly available information. Our clients are the first to know about high-impact events and critical breaking information, giving them the opportunity to act faster and stay one step ahead when every second counts. We are a mission-driven company committed to the power of real-time information as a force for good in the world.  Our groundbreaking AI and machine learning technology cuts through the noise in an increasingly complex landscape by detecting, classifying, and determining the significance of public information. Headquartered in NYC, Dataminr has revolutionized the way that global news, finance, public sector, corporate security and PR/communications professionals know and act on critical, relevant information to protect people, assets and brands.  Along the way, we've grown to over 450 talented employees across six global offices, raised over $570 million from leading venture and growth technology investors, and been referred to as the \"super tool of journalists and hedge funds.\" We've received numerous awards and accolades from our clients, including recognition from CNBC as one of the world's 50 most disruptive private technology companies in 2016 and joining Forbes' definitive list of the top 100 private cloud companies in the world, in 2017 and 2018.  A career at Dataminr offers the ability to make a meaningful impact at a rapidly growing tech company with a startup culture, while being supported by the experience of a company founded in 2009. We value ownership, curiosity and drive on an individual level and live these values every day. We empower everyone to have a voice at the table and regularly invest in professional development. Our culture promotes cross team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it enables us to do our best work and have fun. Who you are: You're an experienced Senior Business Intelligence (BI) Software Engineer interested in helping us analyze and deliver insights from our product data and sales pipelines. You have stood up BI solutions before, you know what questions to ask, what the leading BI platforms require and how to optimize workflows to streamline business processes. You're proficient at SQL and proprietary BI platform environments, you have experience with cloud-based architectures, analytics data structures and data quality. You work well with Data Analyst partners, are comfortable leading technical BI discussions, know when and how to make decisions and you enjoy mentoring and helping others. The opportunity: You'll be using a combination of 3rd party and homegrown BI tooling to help our business and product teams learn from our data. In this role, you'll help us build and evolve the BI solutions, working with our 3rd party vendor and other teams across engineering, product, finance, marketing, sales and customer success.  In the first month, you'll start off by learning the ropes, spending time with different parts of the company to understand how Dataminr works.get up to speed on our BI tech stack and data structures with overview sessions and deep dives with your team.contribute code to production systems. Within 3 months, you'll: share responsibility for BI tooling with other members of your team.help to plan new features and improvements.begin to take more of a role in helping others understand our BI strategy. Within 6 months, you'll: own an area of the BI stack.design BI features that impact multiple teams.be influential in helping plan the next iterations of our BI tooling.bring new ideas to our engineering and BI processes to help us improve constantly.The way we work: To maintain our momentum, we need a talented, diverse team of people committed to the idea that real-time information can be a force for good in the world. We take initiative, ownership, and are accountable.We work urgently and thoughtfully and are driven to constantly improve.We share knowledge, consider varied perspectives, and assume positive intent.We are commercially minded and deliver measurable results.We maintain a sense of humor and humility.Our offering of competitive benefits and perks include:Company paid benefits for employees and their dependents, such as medical, dental, vision, disability and lifeFlexible spending account to be used for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses401(k) savings plan with company matchingGenerous leaveDaily catered lunchA kitchen fully stocked with snacks and beveragesDiscounted Gym MembershipDataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.#LI-ID"
"2857696923"	"GIR, Data Strategy, Analyst/Associate"	"Goldman Sachs"	2019-01-10	90	121	105	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=125&ao=132976&s=58&guid=000001684d8898dc85df75b7d644a324&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_a0b8abe0&cb=1547489024758&jobListingId=2857696923"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	" MORE ABOUT THIS JOBAbout Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs is global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. We provide a wide range of services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, institutional investors, governments, non-profit organizations and high net worth individuals. Our headquarters are in New York and we maintain significant offices in London, Bangalore, Mumbai, Tokyo, Hong Kong and other financial centers around the world. About Global Investment Research Global Investment Research division (GIR) delivers value-added research to clients in the equity, fixed income, currency and commodities markets and develops global client-focused research in economics, portfolio strategy, derivatives and equity and credit securities. Our clients use these insights and investment ideas to develop their strategies. About GIR Data Strategy GIR data strategists contribute to our clients’ investment process through quantitative analysis and systematic solutions. We work directly with the full spectrum of macro and equity research analysts across the globe and interact directly with clients. We also collaborate with colleagues across other areas of the firm, including the Securities Division, the Data Intelligence Office, and Technology.RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONSJob Responsibilities We are looking for innovators and problem-solvers, creative collaborators who evolve, adapt to change and thrive in a fast-paced global environment. Successful candidates will utilize their strong quantitative, engineering and communication skills to work with research analysts and colleagues in other divisions to address client needs. Responsibilities include:Contribute to the development of the strategic data architecture to best position GIR to execute business opportunities for the firm and for our clientsDrive the evolution of how GIR delivers data to internal and external stakeholders, including GIR’s contribution to the Marquee Data Services effortLeverage data initiatives and collaborate with engineers across the firm and adapt firmwide data initiatives to GIR’s needsQuantitative analysis, including alpha assessment, risk analysis, portfolio construction and return attribution to enhance investment strategies using GIR sourced and external data, including alternative data sourcesSkills and ExperienceIndividually motivated and possess sound judgement, integrity, and a solid work ethicDegree in Financial Engineering, Computer Science, or a related fieldStrong quantitative and problem solving skills with focus on the ability to formulate hypotheses and test themStrong knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and design patternsStrong coding skills using modern languages e.g. Java, Python, C++Knowledge of financial modeling, portfolio analysis and risk modelingStrong communication skills and the ability to work in a global teamExperience with SQL, R, pandas, website development, REACT, Highcharts, D3, Big data, MongoDB is a plus ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHSThe Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world.© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2018. All rights reserved Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet.\",\"datePosted\":\"2018-06-19T00:00:00.000Z\",\"title\":\"GIR, Data Strategy, Analyst/Associate - New York\",\"occupationalCategory\":\"Global Investment Research\",\"@context\":\"http://schema.org\",\"url\":\"https://uscareers-goldmansachs.icims.com/jobs/46494/gir%2c-data-strategy%2c-analyst-associate---new-york/job\"}Please Enable Cookies to Continue Please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job. Welcome pageReturning Candidate? Log back in! GIR, Data Strategy, Analyst/Associate - New York Location(s)  US-NY-New York Job ID 2018-46494 Schedule Type  Full Time  Level  Associate  Function(s)  Investment Research  Region  Americas  Division  Global Investment Research  Business Unit  Global Equity Research  Employment Type  EmployeeMORE ABOUT THIS JOBAbout Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs is global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. We provide a wide range of services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, institutional investors, governments, non-profit organizations and high net worth individuals. Our headquarters are in New York and we maintain significant offices in London, Bangalore, Mumbai, Tokyo, Hong Kong and other financial centers around the world. About Global Investment Research Global Investment Research division (GIR) delivers value-added research to clients in the equity, fixed income, currency and commodities markets and develops global client-focused research in economics, portfolio strategy, derivatives and equity and credit securities. Our clients use these insights and investment ideas to develop their strategies. About GIR Data Strategy GIR data strategists contribute to our clients’ investment process through quantitative analysis and systematic solutions. We work directly with the full spectrum of macro and equity research analysts across the globe and interact directly with clients. We also collaborate with colleagues across other areas of the firm, including the Securities Division, the Data Intelligence Office, and Technology.RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONSJob Responsibilities We are looking for innovators and problem-solvers, creative collaborators who evolve, adapt to change and thrive in a fast-paced global environment. Successful candidates will utilize their strong quantitative, engineering and communication skills to work with research analysts and colleagues in other divisions to address client needs. Responsibilities include:Contribute to the development of the strategic data architecture to best position GIR to execute business opportunities for the firm and for our clientsDrive the evolution of how GIR delivers data to internal and external stakeholders, including GIR’s contribution to the Marquee Data Services effortLeverage data initiatives and collaborate with engineers across the firm and adapt firmwide data initiatives to GIR’s needsQuantitative analysis, including alpha assessment, risk analysis, portfolio construction and return attribution to enhance investment strategies using GIR sourced and external data, including alternative data sourcesSkills and ExperienceIndividually motivated and possess sound judgement, integrity, and a solid work ethicDegree in Financial Engineering, Computer Science, or a related fieldStrong quantitative and problem solving skills with focus on the ability to formulate hypotheses and test themStrong knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and design patternsStrong coding skills using modern languages e.g. Java, Python, C++Knowledge of financial modeling, portfolio analysis and risk modelingStrong communication skills and the ability to work in a global teamExperience with SQL, R, pandas, website development, REACT, Highcharts, D3, Big data, MongoDB is a plusABOUT GOLDMAN SACHSThe Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world.  © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2018. All rights reserved Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet. OptionsApplyApplyEmail a FriendEmail a Friend"
"3056785630"	"Business Intelligence Analyst - Apalon"	"IAC"	2019-01-10	77	105	89	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=122&ao=37049&s=58&guid=000001684d889decb237996e6f1213bc&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_956a22ed&cb=1547489026304&jobListingId=3056785630"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	" As a division of IAC (Nasdaq: IAC), IACA Mobile brings together a unique collection of award-winning mobile technology companies to form one of the largest developers of mobile applications in the world. From language (iTranslate) to communications (RoboKiller) to fitness (Daily Burn) to utilities (NOAA Weather Radar), IACA Mobiles companies count millions of subscribers and have hundreds of millions of downloads annually.  Apalon is a leading developer of Android and iOS mobile applications for businesses and consumers. With one of the most popular app portfolios in the world, Apalons products reach more than 20 million monthly active users and include well-known titles such as WeatherLive, NOAA Radar, My Alarm Clock, Emoji Keypad and many more. A unique blend of passion and skills are at the core of our companys DNA, driving our team to produce top-rated, award-winning mobile experiences for millions of people around the world. In 2015, Apalon applications were downloaded from iTunes more than 100 million times. The role: Reporting to the Director of BI & Analytics, the Business Intelligence Analyst must have a strong understanding of mobile app implementation best practices across a variety of third party SDKs for both tracking, advertising, and attribution purposes. The candidate must demonstrate experience or capacity to deliver integrations in reporting across IAC Apps mobile companies. In order to succeed, you will need to collaborate and align with product and marketing stakeholders to translate end-customer into concrete analytics deliverables implemented into our applications. The Analytics Business Analyst should be proactively addressing, documenting, and aligning integrations hand in hand with developers to deliver business objectives across functional areas. ResponsibilitiesDocument, maintain, and extend existing mobile analytics and 3rd party tags/tools, including: Firebase, Adjust, Mixpanel, etc.Implement tagging for new site content and functionality while adhering to existing implementations and following vendor and industry best practicesMust be able to identify gaps in the current data capture strategy and collaboratively apply enhancements; Work with internal teams to identify data enrichment opportunitiesSupport Analytics, Data Engineering, and Data Science teams throughout each phase of the ETL and analysis process, including QA of new data implementationWrite and manage user stories and acceptance criteria pertaining to analytics implementationsProactively engage with product to track user behavior using available data to recommend improvements on the websiteKeep up to date on 3rd party tool upgrades/changes in order to proactively ensure data continuity. Report any potential impacts to internal teamsBe an expert at the data structure and metrics of the various data sources (be able to explain how/why they differ from one another)Required Skills3+ years experience implementing digital systems2+ years experience administering Mobile Analytics Infrastructure (MixPanel, Firebase, Segment, Flurry, etc.)2+ years working with 3rd party/vendor APIs & client SDKs2+ years SQL experienceExperience with ETL tools and their usage, with a variety of source system platforms3+ years in a data analytics, reporting, data science or business intelligence role with an ability to blend and analyze multiple data setsFamiliarity with A/B and MVT testing principles (Optimizely, LeanPlum, etc.)Familiarity with data visualization tools (Tableau, Looker, Power BI, etc.)Passion for mobile applications with a solid understanding of interactive channelsExcellent verbal and written communication skills, including expert Excel and data display presentation*We embrace our diversity and strive to create an inclusive environment for all."
"2995529467"	"Data Engineer - New Grad Spring 2019"	"Impact"	2019-01-10	87	100	92	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=334837&s=58&guid=000001684d889decb237996e6f1213bc&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_fcaa527b&cb=1547489026303&jobListingId=2995529467"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	"Our CompanyAt Impact, our culture is our soul. We are passionate about our people, technology, and are obsessed with customer success. Working together enables us to grow rapidly, win, and serve the largest brands in the world. If you are looking to join a team where your opinion is valued, your contributions are noticed, you get to work with fun and talented people solving cutting-edge marketing challenges with technology, and advance your career, this is the place for you. Impact operates globally with offices worldwide in Santa Barbara, San Francisco, Columbus, New York, London, Cape Town, Norway, Sydney & Singapore.  Our company is transforming how advertisers handle media and performance marketing partnerships. Our integrated suite of products enables digital brands and agencies to maximize their return on global ad spend by providing a single trusted view into the consumer journey from ad impression through acquisition across all devices and channels.Why this role is exciting:You will join an ambitious and collaborative team behind Forensiq (subsidiary of Impact, Inc.). Our distributed platform incorporates cutting-edge fraud detection techniqueswe stop online advertising fraud. The platform processes TBs of data daily; handles very low latency response times (  Does this sound like you?Proficient in at least one high-level programming language and shell scripting.Java or Scala experience (with Hadoop, Spark, HBase) preferred.Knowledge of distributed systems preferred.Intimate knowledge of Computer Science principles and fundamentals, namely algorithms, data structures and their complexity.Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written.Ability to prioritize tasks and work independently.Ability to adapt and focus on the simplest, most efficient and reliable solutions.B.S. in Computer Science or similar field or equivalent experience.Responsibilities:You will envision system features by analyzing business and requirements.Prioritize and plan for work according to those requirements.Design, document, code, and test technical solution for new or existing systems.Follow agile software development methodologies for implementation.Assist in identifying, classifying and resolving bugs and advanced support cases.Collaborate with technical operations to ensure the production system runs smoothly.Embrace change. We learn as we go and adjust our plans accordingly.Benefits/Perks:Medical, Dental and Vision insuranceUnlimited PTOFlexible work hoursWeekly catered lunches, a healthy snack bar, and phenomenal coffee to keep you fueledFlexible spending accounts and 401(k)An employee-led culture team that plans our happy hours, parties and other events to celebrate our many successes.An established company with a cool, high velocity work ethos, where each person can make a difference! _________ We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status."
"2494229336"	"Business Intelligence Manager"	"Indeed"	2019-01-10	94	130	112	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=4120&s=58&guid=000001684d889decb237996e6f1213bc&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_e3574b16&cb=1547489026303&jobListingId=2494229336"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	" Ref#: R0007641  Additional Posting Location(s): Austin, Stamford Our mission.  As the world’s number 1 job site, our mission is to help people get jobs. We need talented, passionate people working together to make this happen. We are looking to grow our teams with people who share our energy and enthusiasm for creating the best experience for job seekers. The team.  We are builders, we are integrators. Business Intelligence creates and optimizes solutions for a rapidly growing business on a global scale. We work with distributed infrastructure, petabytes of data, and billions of transactions with no limitations on your creativity. With tech hubs in Seattle, San Francisco, Austin, New York, Dublin, Tokyo and Hyderabad, we are improving people's lives all around the world, one job at a time. Your job.As the Business Intelligence Manager for Finance Strategy and Analysis at Indeed, you will have a direct impact on the business by partnering with Finance on their reporting and analytic initiatives to support all business functions. You know how Finance teams work and how to empower them with data and solutions. You understand that the best managers serve their teams, removing roadblocks and giving individual contributors autonomy and ownership. You have delivered challenging technical solutions. You have led business intelligence teams and earned the respect of talented analysts. You are equally happy talking algorithms and data structures as you are brainstorming about topics such as business opportunities and career development. You want to be in the mix technically while providing leadership to your teams. As our organization grows, you will help ensure we keep the talent bar high, and grow the skills and capabilities of our team.  Responsibilities Provide technical and team leadership and management for Indeed’s Finance business intelligence team supporting the Finance Strategy and Analysis organizationLead business intelligence platform integration and maintenance, defining and building reports and dashboardsHelp boost company performance through revenue or efficiency gains, as a result of the BI Team’s effortsHave detailed knowledge of Indeed’s data, and processes - including forecastingWork closely with internal stakeholders to implement solutions that meet their needs, while making sure the priorities for your team are properly aligned to business needsCollaborate with BI leaders across Indeed to drive business performance locally and globallyEmpower members of your team to grow their skillset and advance their career goals About you.  About you.Requirements 4+ years experience leading BI teamsExperience leading cross functional teams to deliver business value through dataExperience analyzing high volumes of data for multiple purposes in a dynamic environmentTrack record in driving a data driven culture across business unitsPrevious or current Python programming experienceStrong numeracy and algebraic skillsAbility to simultaneously manage large projects and manage rapid delivery of requestsSolid understanding of data structures and algorithmsStrong ability to coach analysts, helping them improve their skills and grow their careersExperience with business intelligence tools, e.g. TableauFinance Strategy, analysis and forecasting experience a distinct advantage"
"3059355556"	"Manager, Technical Operations Analytics"	"Jet"	2019-01-11	81	119	99	3.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=120&ao=364872&s=58&guid=000001684d889decb237996e6f1213bc&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_07cf0cce&cb=1547489026303&jobListingId=3059355556"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	" Jet is looking for a highly analytical individual to help grow the Analytics function for the Technical Operations team. Analyzing customer care interactions and other post-purchase events (e.g., returns) to improve business outcomes and customer experience is at the core of what we do. Example projects include defining and tracking key metrics for Jet's customer care team, recommending ways to reduce returns and refunds to impact the bottom line, and applying machine learning software to perform NLP intent classification for Jet's chatbot. The successful candidate is a self-starter who can synthesize large, disparate data sets and has a bias towards action to turn those insights into measurable outcomes. ResponsibilitiesDesign and develop metrics, reporting, and insights across Technical Operations (e.g., refunds, returns, credits, and customer care interactions)Impact change through product development and optimization using dataPartner with product managers, engineers, data scientists, and customer service teams to contribute to end-to-end product features and solutionsCommunicate key findings and milestones to core stakeholdersIdentifying opportunities to apply machine learning applications, most notably on conversational data across all of Walmart's eCommerce brands to improve the customer experience.Qualifications3+ years of relevant professional experience in a data-intensive/analytical roleKnowledge of statistics (e.g., significance testing and regression modelling)Strong communication skills, particularly in explaining complex topics to a varied audienceExpert in SQL and hands-on experience with one scripting languages such as Python or RExperience developing in business intelligence tools such as Looker, Klipfolio, or Tableau"
"3024272830"	"Senior Data Analyst - NYC"	"Lime"	2019-01-09	84	115	99	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=148364&s=58&guid=000001684d8898dc85df75b7d644a324&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_0da4c562&cb=1547489024758&jobListingId=3024272830"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	"Lime is a smart-mobility provider that offers cities an array of mobility products including Lime-E e-assist bicycles and Lime-S electric scooters. Lime aims to revolutionize mobility in cities and campuses by empowering residents with cleaner, more efficient, and affordable transportation options that improve urban sustainability. We are looking for a Data Analyst to join our business operations team. You will drive strategic insights and detailed analytics decisions related to scaling and optimizing the whole business process. You should have strong analytical skills, excellent time-management capabilities and the ability to work under stress. ResponsibilitiesCollaborate with engineering team to identify and implement analytics that drives business efficiencyResearch, analyze large scale operation data to optimize bike-sharing implementation and daily operationRequirementsBachelor or Masters degree in Math, Engineering, Economics, Statistics, Computer Science, Finance or other quantitative related field3+ years of industry experience in data analysisExcellent SQL experience requiredAbility to multi-task, act with a sense of urgency and be flexible in handling changing prioritiesWorks well in a dynamic environmentGood people skills, both verbal and writtenWhat We OfferOpportunity to revolutionize transportation in your hometown with the leader in urban mobility solutionsA position that offers a variety of career and resume building experiences with the fastest growing startup of 2018Scale with a rapidly growing organization, with tons of opportunity for growthPlay a role in the transformation of urban mobility and sustainabilityWork with a team of fun and motivated individualsCompetitive salary and benefitsWe here at Lime strive to build a workforce comprised of individuals with diverse backgrounds, abilities, minds, and identities that will help us to grow, not only as a company, but also as individuals. Lime is an Equal Opportunity Employer."
"3083252929"	"Senior Data Analyst - NYC"	"Looker"	2019-01-10	76	103	88	4.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=413761&s=149&guid=000001684d8898dc8faca9c53dfac230&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_a7ad14f8&cb=1547489024725&jobListingId=3083252929"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	"WHO WE ARE Looker is on a mission to bring better insights and data-driven decisions to every business. Everything we do is aimed at making sure our customers love every aspect of Looker, from our products and technologies to our ease of doing business and our support. We are looking for curiously brilliant individuals to join our team as we reinvent data analytics. Get data-driven and see yourself at Looker. WHAT WE'VE GOT GOING ONLooker is seeking a Senior Data Analyst to join our fast growing team. You will be (or become) a Looker expert and support our internal business analytics. Our new Data and Analytics team has been tasked to simplify our analytic infrastructure that will pioneer new techniques and implement best practices which will influence how Looker is used worldwide. We are going from observational analytics to predictive and prescriptive analytics and we need your perspective! We want you to join our team as we enhance our data-driven culture even further. You will be a leader on our team leading analytics for multiple business domains. You will also be responsible for growing junior analysts' technical and modeling skills while working in the same team as the data engineers who can help you get the data you need. WHAT WE NEED YOU TO DOBe a leader who provides guidance and opportunity for juniors as you build world-class analytic toolsFind the answers we need quickly; care deeply about qualityIdentify information gaps. Bring people and processes together to fill themScale our data model and enable self-serve analyticsBe a good communicator. Share your findings. Sometimes in large and high stakes situationsTranslate business logic into data models and enrich our Data DictionaryGive our data and practices a life outside of yourselfMove fast. Take ownership. Affect change.WHAT YOU BRING TO LOOKERHighly proficient In SQLPrior experience leading large technical projects7+ years experience in a technical role as an analystExperience in implementing business analytics in sales/marketing, product analytics). Experience in implementing statistical models is a plusDaily experience with an analytical or relational databaseA well-informed opinion about the properties of a good business intelligence toolA LITTLE MORE ABOUT LOOKERLooker is a unified Platform for Data that delivers actionable business insights to every employee at the point of decision. Looker integrates data into the daily workflows of users to allow organizations to extract value from data at web scale. Over 1600 industry-leading and innovative companies such as Sony, Amazon, The Economist, IBM, Spotify, Etsy, Lyft and Kickstarter have trusted Looker to power their data-driven cultures. The company is headquartered in Santa Cruz, California, with offices in San Francisco, New York, Chicago, Boulder, London, Tokyo and Dublin, Ireland. Investors include CapitalG, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Meritech Capital Partners, Redpoint Ventures and Goldman Sachs. For more information, connect with us on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook and YouTube or visit looker.com.Looker aspires to be a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspective, and background lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users. We encourage you to join us in changing the way businesses use data."
"3083252929"	"Senior Data Analyst - NYC"	"Looker"	2019-01-10	76	103	88	4.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=413761&s=58&guid=000001684d889decb237996e6f1213bc&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_a446ec25&cb=1547489026303&jobListingId=3083252929"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	"WHO WE ARE Looker is on a mission to bring better insights and data-driven decisions to every business. Everything we do is aimed at making sure our customers love every aspect of Looker, from our products and technologies to our ease of doing business and our support. We are looking for curiously brilliant individuals to join our team as we reinvent data analytics. Get data-driven and see yourself at Looker. WHAT WE'VE GOT GOING ONLooker is seeking a Senior Data Analyst to join our fast growing team. You will be (or become) a Looker expert and support our internal business analytics. Our new Data and Analytics team has been tasked to simplify our analytic infrastructure that will pioneer new techniques and implement best practices which will influence how Looker is used worldwide. We are going from observational analytics to predictive and prescriptive analytics and we need your perspective! We want you to join our team as we enhance our data-driven culture even further. You will be a leader on our team leading analytics for multiple business domains. You will also be responsible for growing junior analysts' technical and modeling skills while working in the same team as the data engineers who can help you get the data you need. WHAT WE NEED YOU TO DOBe a leader who provides guidance and opportunity for juniors as you build world-class analytic toolsFind the answers we need quickly; care deeply about qualityIdentify information gaps. Bring people and processes together to fill themScale our data model and enable self-serve analyticsBe a good communicator. Share your findings. Sometimes in large and high stakes situationsTranslate business logic into data models and enrich our Data DictionaryGive our data and practices a life outside of yourselfMove fast. Take ownership. Affect change.WHAT YOU BRING TO LOOKERHighly proficient In SQLPrior experience leading large technical projects7+ years experience in a technical role as an analystExperience in implementing business analytics in sales/marketing, product analytics). Experience in implementing statistical models is a plusDaily experience with an analytical or relational databaseA well-informed opinion about the properties of a good business intelligence toolA LITTLE MORE ABOUT LOOKERLooker is a unified Platform for Data that delivers actionable business insights to every employee at the point of decision. Looker integrates data into the daily workflows of users to allow organizations to extract value from data at web scale. Over 1600 industry-leading and innovative companies such as Sony, Amazon, The Economist, IBM, Spotify, Etsy, Lyft and Kickstarter have trusted Looker to power their data-driven cultures. The company is headquartered in Santa Cruz, California, with offices in San Francisco, New York, Chicago, Boulder, London, Tokyo and Dublin, Ireland. Investors include CapitalG, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Meritech Capital Partners, Redpoint Ventures and Goldman Sachs. For more information, connect with us on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook and YouTube or visit looker.com.Looker aspires to be a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspective, and background lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users. We encourage you to join us in changing the way businesses use data."
"3083252929"	"Senior Data Analyst - NYC"	"Looker"	2019-01-10	76	103	88	4.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=413761&s=149&guid=000001684d8898dc8faca9c53dfac230&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_a7ad14f8&cb=1547489024725&jobListingId=3083252929"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	"WHO WE ARE Looker is on a mission to bring better insights and data-driven decisions to every business. Everything we do is aimed at making sure our customers love every aspect of Looker, from our products and technologies to our ease of doing business and our support. We are looking for curiously brilliant individuals to join our team as we reinvent data analytics. Get data-driven and see yourself at Looker. WHAT WE'VE GOT GOING ONLooker is seeking a Senior Data Analyst to join our fast growing team. You will be (or become) a Looker expert and support our internal business analytics. Our new Data and Analytics team has been tasked to simplify our analytic infrastructure that will pioneer new techniques and implement best practices which will influence how Looker is used worldwide. We are going from observational analytics to predictive and prescriptive analytics and we need your perspective! We want you to join our team as we enhance our data-driven culture even further. You will be a leader on our team leading analytics for multiple business domains. You will also be responsible for growing junior analysts' technical and modeling skills while working in the same team as the data engineers who can help you get the data you need. WHAT WE NEED YOU TO DOBe a leader who provides guidance and opportunity for juniors as you build world-class analytic toolsFind the answers we need quickly; care deeply about qualityIdentify information gaps. Bring people and processes together to fill themScale our data model and enable self-serve analyticsBe a good communicator. Share your findings. Sometimes in large and high stakes situationsTranslate business logic into data models and enrich our Data DictionaryGive our data and practices a life outside of yourselfMove fast. Take ownership. Affect change.WHAT YOU BRING TO LOOKERHighly proficient In SQLPrior experience leading large technical projects7+ years experience in a technical role as an analystExperience in implementing business analytics in sales/marketing, product analytics). Experience in implementing statistical models is a plusDaily experience with an analytical or relational databaseA well-informed opinion about the properties of a good business intelligence toolA LITTLE MORE ABOUT LOOKERLooker is a unified Platform for Data that delivers actionable business insights to every employee at the point of decision. Looker integrates data into the daily workflows of users to allow organizations to extract value from data at web scale. Over 1600 industry-leading and innovative companies such as Sony, Amazon, The Economist, IBM, Spotify, Etsy, Lyft and Kickstarter have trusted Looker to power their data-driven cultures. The company is headquartered in Santa Cruz, California, with offices in San Francisco, New York, Chicago, Boulder, London, Tokyo and Dublin, Ireland. Investors include CapitalG, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Meritech Capital Partners, Redpoint Ventures and Goldman Sachs. For more information, connect with us on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook and YouTube or visit looker.com.Looker aspires to be a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspective, and background lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users. We encourage you to join us in changing the way businesses use data."
"3083252929"	"Senior Data Analyst - NYC"	"Looker"	2019-01-10	76	103	88	4.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=413761&s=58&guid=000001684d889decb237996e6f1213bc&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_a446ec25&cb=1547489026303&jobListingId=3083252929"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	"WHO WE ARE Looker is on a mission to bring better insights and data-driven decisions to every business. Everything we do is aimed at making sure our customers love every aspect of Looker, from our products and technologies to our ease of doing business and our support. We are looking for curiously brilliant individuals to join our team as we reinvent data analytics. Get data-driven and see yourself at Looker. WHAT WE'VE GOT GOING ONLooker is seeking a Senior Data Analyst to join our fast growing team. You will be (or become) a Looker expert and support our internal business analytics. Our new Data and Analytics team has been tasked to simplify our analytic infrastructure that will pioneer new techniques and implement best practices which will influence how Looker is used worldwide. We are going from observational analytics to predictive and prescriptive analytics and we need your perspective! We want you to join our team as we enhance our data-driven culture even further. You will be a leader on our team leading analytics for multiple business domains. You will also be responsible for growing junior analysts' technical and modeling skills while working in the same team as the data engineers who can help you get the data you need. WHAT WE NEED YOU TO DOBe a leader who provides guidance and opportunity for juniors as you build world-class analytic toolsFind the answers we need quickly; care deeply about qualityIdentify information gaps. Bring people and processes together to fill themScale our data model and enable self-serve analyticsBe a good communicator. Share your findings. Sometimes in large and high stakes situationsTranslate business logic into data models and enrich our Data DictionaryGive our data and practices a life outside of yourselfMove fast. Take ownership. Affect change.WHAT YOU BRING TO LOOKERHighly proficient In SQLPrior experience leading large technical projects7+ years experience in a technical role as an analystExperience in implementing business analytics in sales/marketing, product analytics). Experience in implementing statistical models is a plusDaily experience with an analytical or relational databaseA well-informed opinion about the properties of a good business intelligence toolA LITTLE MORE ABOUT LOOKERLooker is a unified Platform for Data that delivers actionable business insights to every employee at the point of decision. Looker integrates data into the daily workflows of users to allow organizations to extract value from data at web scale. Over 1600 industry-leading and innovative companies such as Sony, Amazon, The Economist, IBM, Spotify, Etsy, Lyft and Kickstarter have trusted Looker to power their data-driven cultures. The company is headquartered in Santa Cruz, California, with offices in San Francisco, New York, Chicago, Boulder, London, Tokyo and Dublin, Ireland. Investors include CapitalG, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Meritech Capital Partners, Redpoint Ventures and Goldman Sachs. For more information, connect with us on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook and YouTube or visit looker.com.Looker aspires to be a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspective, and background lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users. We encourage you to join us in changing the way businesses use data."
"3054966662"	"Data Analyst"	"Lyft"	2019-01-08	116	153	133	4.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=133581&s=58&guid=000001684d8898dc85df75b7d644a324&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_d3630d0e&cb=1547489024758&jobListingId=3054966662"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	" At Lyft, community is who we are and it's what we do. It's what makes us different. To create the best ride for all, we start in our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization where all team members are recognized for what they bring.  As metropolitan cities grow, we aim to transform the way people commute within the city through becoming the leader in the development and operation of such vehicles. From bikes and scooters to future forms of transportation, you will be at the forefront of driving these new initiatives and revolutionize technology.  Data is at the heart of how Lyft makes business, product, and engineering decisions. Lyft Bikes and Scooters (LBS) data scientists work with business owners to develop business insights and make actionable recommendations. The Operations team is looking for a passionate data analyst to come work along alongside us to take on some of the most interesting and impactful problems in the future of bikes and scooters.  The Operations data analyst will work in a fast paced and agile environment and pursue a variety of unique and challenging problems ranging from labor optimization, scooter placement, demand forecasting, and more. You will dig into the data to uncover insights, design experiments and measure the impact, and ultimately help influence top-level decision-making. You must have an operational mind-set and be excited about diving deep into our operations, working hand in hand with local ops teams.Responsibilities:Focus area of this role will be to own the operational analytics side of growing the scooter and dockless bike businessDevelop understanding and set business metrics that measure the health of our operations, as well as rider experiencePartner with product managers, engineers, marketers, designers, and local operators to translate business insights into decisions and actionFind opportunities for growth and efficiencyDesign and analyze experiments; communicate results and launch decisionsDevelop analytical frameworks to monitor business and operational performanceExperience & Skills:Degree in a quantitative field like statistics, economics, applied math, operations research or engineering. Advanced degrees are preferred4+ years of industry experience in a data science or analytics roleProficiency in SQL - able to write structured and efficient queries on large data setsExperience in programming, especially with data science and visualization libraries in Python or RStrong oral and written communication skills, and ability to collaborate with cross-functional partners to build the business"
"2993942811"	"Senior Strategic Analyst / Data Scientist"	"Memorial Sloan-Kettering"	2019-01-09	119	177	145	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=314590&s=149&guid=000001684d8898dc8faca9c53dfac230&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_8ae8caea&cb=1547489024726&jobListingId=2993942811"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	" Company OverviewAt Memorial Sloan Kettering (MSK), we’re not only changing the way we treat cancer, but also the way the world thinks about it. By working together and pushing forward with innovation and discovery, we’re driving excellence and improving outcomes. For the 28th year, MSK has been named a top hospital for cancer by U.S. News & World Report. We are proud to be on Becker’s Healthcare list as one of the 150 Great Places to Work in Healthcare in 2018, as well as one of Glassdoor’s Employees’ Choice Best Place to Work for 2018. We’re treating cancer, one patient at a time. Join us and make a difference every day. Job DescriptionAre you passionate about using data to shape strategic business decisions? Do you want to utilize your analytical skills to support MSK's mission? Do you want to be part of a team that was awarded the INFORMS Prize for “repeatedly applying the principles of advanced analytics and operations research / management science in groundbreaking, varied, novel, and lasting ways”? We care deeply about solving meaningful problems that will measurably impact the lives of MSK’s patients and staff. We are seeking a Data Scientist / Senior Strategic Analyst who will serve as a champion for data-driven decision-making within Marketing & Communications, particularly for programs to strengthen MSK’s relationships with physicians and partners in the tri-state area, across the US, and internationally.Embedded Analytics ProgramThis position is part of our Embedded Analytics Program, wherein Strategy & Innovation analysts are embedded in operational departments and immersed in their challenges. Embedded Analytics allows for the best of both worlds: being a full member of an operational team to truly understand their needs and ensure sustainable implementation of work, while still being part of a diverse and energizing community of analytics experts. We support technical and business skill development in a variety of ways, including conferences and external workshops, internal training and journal clubs, creating analytical tools and best practices, and developing our own in-house R package.Department of Communications & MarketingAs a leader in cancer treatment and research for more than 130 years, MSK sets an equally high standard for the effectiveness of our communications and marketing efforts. Our focus is on generating demand for MSK services and active consideration of MSK as the best place for cancer treatment, research, and education. The team encompasses public relations, social media, web content, digital tools, consumer marketing and advertising, business-to-business communications, and research insights.You will:Serve as an analytical thought partner to Communications leadership, especially the Senior VP, Director of Business/Physician Relations, Director of CRM, and Director of Digital CommunicationsBecome deeply versed in the operational needs of Communications and own the strategic roadmap for iteratively developing analytical products in support of those needsIndependently manage individual analytical products and projects from \"question to answer\" including problem framing, data collection and validation, exploratory analysis, statistical modeling, visualization, and synthesisEffectively communicate actionable insights and see them through to implementationSample projects include:Developing a global data model of the network of international physicians from disparate and often conflicting sourcesAnalyzing the relative impact of business-to-business programs (e.g. continuing medical education, newsletters, observership programs) on referrals and patient volumesLeveraging patient behavioral and outcomes data to continually improve our digital engagement platform for prospective patientsCollaborating with the customer relationship management (CRM) team to set up our analytical environment within Salesforce and develop segmentation and targeting strategiesQualifications:We are looking for an analytics professional who has both deep technical skills and a passion for applying them to real-world problems in partnership with non-technical partners. Our successful analysts typically have the below qualifications:A proven track record (4+ years of experience) of using analytics and data science to impact key business decisions.You've built reproducible analyses using R, Python, or a similar languageYou're deeply comfortable with relational databases and SQLYou know how to choose the right technical approach for a question (from a statistical model to a dashboard and everything in between) and know that the simplest solution is often the bestYou're a storyteller, able to synthesize knowledge from a variety of sources and clearly communicate complex topics to non-technical audiencesYou're curious and self-motivated, and you thrive when working autonomously. You know when to run with something and when to ask for help.You have a solid understanding of common statistical methods (especially regression and probability)You have a bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field (statistics, economics, operations research, mathematics, etc.) or equivalent training, fellowship, or work experience#LI-KT1 ClosingMSK is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, religion, creed, disability, veteran status or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment."
"2756076638"	"Data Analyst"	"New York Times"	2019-01-09	83	115	100	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=242900&s=58&guid=000001684d8898dc85df75b7d644a324&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_f97b8213&cb=1547489024758&jobListingId=2756076638"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	"Job DescriptionAbout the position: Wirecutter is seeking a Data Analyst to join our small-but-growing Finance and Data group. The data team is responsible for data analytics, data engineering, and data science for TheWirecutter.com. This is an interdisciplinary role that works with stakeholders across the company, including senior leadership. Why you should apply: We’re pioneering a new type of service journalism and if you’re savvy and experienced in web analytics, ecommerce, affiliate marketing or any combination of the above you will have a unique opportunity to help shape how we improve our readers’ lives. As the Data Analyst, you will play a key role in helping us understand our readers and informing the direction of our business by defining, monitoring and analyzing essential web analytics and business metrics and communicating appropriate findings with recommended actions to stakeholders. About Wirecutter: Founded by journalists fed up with the time and energy it takes to shop, Wirecutter developed a simpler approach to giving buying advice: just tell people exactly what to get in one single guide. The company’s purpose: to help people find great things, quickly and easily. Through rigorous testing, research, reporting, and whatever means necessary, they create straightforward recommendations that save readers from unnecessary stress, time, and effort. We then monetize these guides by enabling our readers to easily purchase the products they are interested in. Locations: Even with offices in New York City and Los Angeles, Wirecutter remains a highly remote culture, and open to employing people across the country (and in Canada!). Right now, we are eligible to hire in CA, CT, CO, DC, FL, GA, IL, MA, ME, MI, MN, NV, NY, NC, OR, PA, TX, VA, HI, NH, MO<U+200B>, WA. If you live outside of these states but are still interested in working with Wirecutter, you are welcome to apply, and we will keep your information on file for future opportunities. Responsibilities:Maintain ongoing reporting that paints a picture of the “pulse” of our businessProactively analyze data to answer key questions from stakeholders or out of self-initiated curiosity with an eye for what drives business performanceAbility to understand the business operations as a whole and translate questions into effective analysis based on the goals behind the specific asksCommunicate findings effectively and translate them into recommended actions appropriate for each area of the businessDesign and build automated reporting dashboards on our BI platformQualifications:Excellent verbal and written communication skillsComfortable deconstructing complex and open-ended problems which may not yield a clear cut solutionAbility to work independently and to carry out assignments to completion based on the original goals with minimal supervision4-year degree in statistics or related field3+ years of experience in a data analyst role at an affiliate marketing, e-commerce company, or online publisher3+ years of experience using SQL is required1+ year of experience designing and building automated reporting dashboards with a data visualization tool such as Tableau or similarProficient with statistical analysis tools such as R or similarGoogle Analytics certification or equivalent experienceDemonstrated ability to work collaboratively in a multi-disciplinary teamStrong interest in Wirecutter’s missionCulture and benefits at The New York Times Company and Wirecutter:Though Wirecutter has physical locations in both NYC and LA, the company promotes and encourages a remote workforce, so that our employees can work in flexible and comfortable ways.We are committed to career development, supported by a formal mentoring program as well as tuition reimbursement. The New York Times Company offers frequent panel discussions and talks by industry leaders (Sheryl Sandberg, Melinda Gates and Ta-Nehisi Coates are a few recent examples), that we encourage our employees to attend.We believe diversity fuels innovation and creativity, and we have a variety of employee groups and task forces across The New York Times Company and Wirecutter dedicated to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace.We offer a generous parental leave policy, which was recently expanded in response to employee feedback. Birth mothers receive 16 weeks fully paid, adoptive parents and birth fathers receive 10 weeks also fully paid. Similarly, we offer competitive health and dental insurance, as well as 401k matching. #LI-HK1 The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply.The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics."
"2761602144"	"Senior Data Engineer, Business Intelligence"	"Peloton Interactive"	2019-01-12	136	154	144	3.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=111&ao=4120&s=58&guid=000001684d889decb237996e6f1213bc&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_b2ba1813&cb=1547489026303&jobListingId=2761602144"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	"THE ROLE As a Data Engineer on the Business Intelligence team, you will lead data collection and performance improvement efforts across multiple data sources and platforms. RESPONSIBILITIESDesign, develop, deploy and manage a reliable and scalable data analysis pipeline, using technologies including Python and AWSFacilitate the transfer of data from internal sources to external tools and platformsFacilitate the transfer of data from external sources to our analytics databaseIdentify gaps in our data collection and collaborate with product and engineering on data capture specificationsCompile and reconcile data from multiple sourcesDevelop a vision to extend/improve our existing analytics and reporting technology stackStay up to date with the latest technologies and trends in analyticsREQUIREMENTSStrong understanding of SQL and relational databasesExperience in database administration is strongly preferredExperience building and maintaining batch processes, using AWS Data Pipeline, Airflow, Luigi, cron, quartz, etc.Experience inspecting, moving, and transforming data on the *nix command line using shell scripts, Unix tools such as sed, awk, cut, sort, etc.; or higher level languages like Python/Perl/Ruby5+ years technology experience working in an Engineering/Development/Data Warehouse team (or alternatively, organization)A solid foundation in computer science fundamentals with particular expertise in data structures, algorithms, and designExperience building systems that must deal with the complexities of integrating with third parties"
"3084185399"	"Financial Crimes Unit Technology Experienced Associate"	"PwC"	2019-01-11	90	129	103	3.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=127&ao=380244&s=58&guid=000001684d889decb237996e6f1213bc&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_2db49b01&cb=1547489026304&jobListingId=3084185399"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	" A career in our Analytics Technology practice, within Data and Analytics Technology services, will provide you with the opportunity to help organisations uncover enterprise insights and drive business results using smarter data analytics. We focus on a collection of organisational technology capabilities, including business intelligence, data management, and data assurance that help our clients drive innovation, growth, and change within their organisations in order to keep up with the changing nature of customers and technology. Youll make impactful decisions by mixing mind and machine to leverage data, understand and navigate risk, and help our clients gain a competitive edge.  Our team helps clients navigate various analytics applications to get the most value out of their technology investment and foster confidence in their business intelligence. As part of our team, youll help our clients implement enterprise content and data management applications that improve operational effectiveness and provide impactful data analytics and insights. Responsibilities As an Associate, youll work as part of a team of problem solvers with extensive consulting and industry experience, helping our clients solve their complex business issues from strategy to execution. Specific responsibilities include but are not limited to: Proactively assist the team in various aspects of the projectPrepare deliverablesContribute to the development of your own and teams technical acumenKeep up to date with local and national business and economic issuesEnsure you are adhering to compliance mattersWork on developing internal relationships and your PwC brandJob Requirements and Preferences: Basic Qualifications:Minimum Degree Required: Bachelor Degree Minimum Years of Experience: 1 year(s) Preferred Qualifications:Degree Preferred: Bachelor Degree Preferred Fields of Study: Computer and Information Science, Computer Engineering, Computer Management, Management Information Systems, Information Technology Preferred Knowledge/Skills: Demonstrates some knowledge and/or a proven record of success within the following areas: Consulting in the financial crimes space and working in a regulatory environment;Utilizing AML systems (including data mapping and profiling, and system tuning and optimization), and leading sanctions and RPA systems, and implementation of these systems; and,Using one or more of the following: of SQL, SAS, R, Python, Ruby, QlikView, Tibco Spotfire, and Tableau. Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success within the following areas: Writing and delivering proposals to prospective clients, including leveraging PC applications including Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Project and other related firm-issued tools;Demonstrating aptitude for conducting quantitative and qualitative analyses of large and complex data, as it relates to the project requirements in the financial crimes space; and,Supporting practice management for a specific operation or process in a consultative environment.All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer."
"2950823148"	"Business Intelligence Developer"	"RB"	2019-01-09	82	118	95	3.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=186603&s=58&guid=000001684d889decb237996e6f1213bc&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_378aab4f&cb=1547489026303&jobListingId=2950823148"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	"RB is the world’s leading consumer health and hygiene company. We work with the best people to challenge conventional thinking and keep giving people innovative solutions for healthier lives and happier homes, through our brands.A fantastic opportunity is available for an enthusiastic and experienced Business Intelligence Developer to join our Ecommerce team in Parsippany, NJ.Are you looking to be at the forefront of driving change and growth for some of the world biggest brands? As a member of the RB Ecommerce team, you will be an integral part of driving this change & growth within a rapidly evolving industry. We are looking for entrepreneurial minded individuals with backgrounds in Data Science, Business Intelligence, and Data Engineering that can improve our data ecosystem, streamline efficiencies across systems, automate business processes, and achieve brilliant results. RB is seeking individuals who are looking to work in this new space to help define how we look at data for the future and help find answers to problems that we’ve never asked ourselves before. These individuals will be: • Collaborate with Data Engineers and Software Engineers to implement the data architecture and design of ecommerce data• Consult with Sales, Marketing, and Finance teams to identify data needs• Own the development and maintenance of backend data systems and reporting• Own implementation of self-service analytics capabilities for stakeholders (e.g. PowerBI & Tableau dashboards) • Ad hoc analysis of developer and customer engagement• Use statistical and Machine Learning techniques to find what matters most and apply your knowledge about data science by creating algorithmic solutions to make necessary assessments.• Perform detailed analyses on our online customer in order to make recommendations on how to increase business growth. The data scientist will focus on blending various data sources and applying machine learning models and data mining techniques to create these insights and new processes.Basic Qualifications• Degree in Computer Science, Business Intelligence, Mathematics, Statistics, or related technical field• 1 to 3 years of experience in business analytics at scale• Experience writing queries in SQL• Experience in PowerBI development • Experience in designing and implementing robust, scalable reporting systems• Experience in data mining, using databases in a business environment with large-scale data sets• Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and deal with ambiguity• Ability to clearly communicate data insights to others.• A solid grasp of the business side of technology with an understanding and zeal for metrics and analysis to deliver on business objectives.Preferred Qualifications• Experience in Machine learning• Experience in gathering requirements and formulating business metrics• Experience analyzing existing data for insights and statistical properties.• Experience with efficient and scalable dataset creation for large ML solutions.• Experience with Tableau development• Experience with data visualization software, preferably Tableau• Excellent written and verbal communication with multiple levels of leadership involving both business and technical sides of business• Experience with major programming language (i.e. Java, Python, R) and/or scripting language (Perl, Unix Shell, etc.) to process data for modeling• Experience in statistics (i.e. regression, crosstabs, and cluster analysis)• Statistics/Machine Learning with applications in R or Python.• Experience with site experimentation (A/B testing) is a plusWhy RB?• Fast paced. Tired of having to jump though endless hoops to get things done? Not here. We move fast and deliver.• Growth. Frustrated by the lack of growth opportunities in your current company? Not here¡ RB takes pride in the development and continued growth of our employees through steady rotations and promotions.• Autonomy. RM empowers you to OWN what you do.• Iconic Global Brands. http://bit.ly/RBNABrands Take a look. You´ll be surprised at how many you already have in your home. • Feel good about the Company you work for! RB is committed to making the world a better place through betterrbusiness. http://bit.ly/rbsustainability• Passport Stamps. Does working internationally interest you? Perform well and Global doors can open for you at RB. • Work with smart people. We have a talented workforce that believes in sharing ideas to help each other, and the company succeed.• Vacation. We offer 4 weeks´ vacation, 9 core Holidays and 4 floating days.• 16 weeks paid Maternity leave.• Competitive base salaries and bonuses.• Tuition reimbursement. In return, RB will offer you a very competitive salary with excellent benefits, a fast-paced working environment with incredible opportunities to develop yourself, and the chance to progress your career within a truly global organization.Apply Now for a chance to really change the game!RB is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. . "
"3025949809"	"Sr Data Analyst"	"Rent the Runway"	2019-01-10	95	125	110	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=126&ao=401459&s=58&guid=000001684d8898dc85df75b7d644a324&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_fc97d1c0&cb=1547489024759&jobListingId=3025949809"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	"About Rent the Runway: Recently named #9 on CNBC's Disruptor 50 list for 2018, Rent the Runway is transforming the $1.7 trillion global fashion industry by introducing clothing rental as a utility for women. We have pioneered the closet in the cloud and believe that every person globally will soon have a subscription to fashion. Since our launch in late 2009, we have raised $210M from top-tier investors and built one of the most beloved brands on earth. We are proud to be both a profitable and high-growth business, with a loyal 8 million strong customer base who share the experience of renting as being empowering and smart.  Our 1000+ employees have a revolutionary spirit that permeates our culture. We've built - proprietary technology, a one-of-a-kind reverse logistics operation, stores of the future, a viral brand, relationships with hundreds of fashion brands - and we are obsessed with continuing to game change our customer experience.  We are also trying to revolutionize entrepreneurship itself - proving that diverse teams produce outsized impact. The Rent the Runway Foundation, which our two co-founders launched together in 2015, helps thousands of female entrepreneurs build and scale their own businesses with the mission of increasing the number of high growth women-led companies. Position Overview: Data is core to our growing business and has been ingrained in the company's DNA since its founding. As a member of the Analytics team, you will collaborate with cross-functional partners on a wide range of complex problems. You'll use data to help grow and evolve the rental products that exist today and your insights will help shape the company roadmap. Responsibilities:Apply expertise in quantitative analysis and data mining to see beyond the numbers and extract actionable insights on how our customers use our different services and derive valueDevelop a deep understanding of the loyalty behavior of our customers. Understand the path to conversion and identify potential areas of opportunity.Work collaboratively with Product, Engineering and Marketing teams to develop and measure existing/new rental programs that motivate repeat usage and normalizes rental as part of our users' livesMore broadly, design and evaluate experiments that impact user behavior. Diagnose and communicate root causes of changes in user behavioral metricsBuild dashboards to showcase and disseminate key insights throughout organizationCreate reusable datasets with appropriate architecture using our complex data pipeline.Develop and share best operating practices within the Analytics teamQualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics or related technical field. Advanced degrees and specialization even better.3+ years of experience doing quantitative analysisHigh proficiency in databases (e.g: MySQL) and query languages (e.g: SQL)Experience with Tableau (reporting suite) and scripting languages (e.g: Python) preferredExperience with using packages like R to perform deeper analyses also a plusPassion for data and its fundamental ability to create valueAbility to communicate effectively with wide-range of audiencesExtremely curious and excited to dive into complex problemsTrack record of building strong relationships with cross functional partners"
"3055016971"	"Solutions Engineer - Business Intelligence"	"Roku"	2019-01-08	116	169	138	3.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=136412&s=58&guid=000001684d889decb237996e6f1213bc&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_4d916231&cb=1547489026303&jobListingId=3055016971"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	"The Role and Responsibilities: The Solutions Engineer Business Intelligence will play a high profile role on the Product Management team, launching new reporting & analytics solutions for the publishers and channel owners on the Roku Platform. This person will be responsible for strengthening our most strategic partner relationships by making valuable business insights easily accessible and actionable. Design and develop interactive data visualization and dashboards for the benefit of both internal and external stakeholders with a particular focus on our publisher communityUse your existing familiarity with coding to learn LookML and take advantage of the more advanced features of Looker, such as Looker BlocksSit in on partner meetings and facilitate discussions to explain our reporting & analytics capabilities and to better understand the business needs of the publishers on the Roku platformCollect, compile and synthesize feedback from cross-functional stakeholder groups and use those insights to keep our publisher reporting & analytics product roadmap closely aligned with rapidly evolving market dynamicsMonitor the usage of dashboards in production as another source of feedback and proactively identify opportunities to improve the user experienceInterface with Product Management teams to ensure upstream and downstream dependencies are identified and incorporated into their roadmaps; for example, working with the data warehouse product manager on the development of new aggregate tables or with the web development team to integrate a new dashboard on the developer portalHelp with go-to-market preparations for new dashboards, including hosting internal training session to ensure partner-facing teams understand all the metrics, filters and other features as well as how to interpret the data and translate insights into actionCollaborate with Marketing and Communications teams to prepare training materials, technical documentation, partner presentations and other collateral and enablement materials related to our reporting & analytics productsTroubleshoot any bugs or other issues that are escalated to the Product team for resolution, such as data discrepancies, missing data or trouble using a dashboard or more specific featureEngage with Data Engineering and, as necessary, with Data Science for ongoing product planningEstablish yourself as the subject matter expert on the Looker business intelligence software and a reliable, go-to resource for teams interested in unlocking more value from analytics for our publisher partnersImplement and improve processes to increase overall team productivitySkills/Attributes:Resourceful, persistent and self-directed with a strong disposition toward actionA utility player who steps in whenever and wherever neededIntellectually curious and committed to continuous improvementA team player with a strong desire to win as a teamSomeone who can disagree then commit fullyConfident interacting with both technical and business audiencesComfortable with ambiguity, working in an unstructured start-up environmentFamiliarity with digital media, mobile app analytics, marketing performance analytics, and/or video streamingExperience/Qualifications:At least intermediate mastery of SQL (a coding challenge will be required)At least intermediate mastery of one or more other analytics programming languages such as Python or R (this isnot a data science or data engineering role)2+ years intensive experience working in business intelligence platforms such as Looker, Tableau, Periscope or Domo (the less intensive, the more year required)Web development experience a big plusExperience applying the practices and principles of design thinking and customer-centricity (a case study will be assigned)This role can be based in New York City or Los Gatos, CaliforniaBachelors degree or equivalent #LI-OR1"
"3023125947"	"Data Engineer"	"Saggezza"	2019-01-08	123	139	129	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=118&ao=367730&s=58&guid=000001684d889decb237996e6f1213bc&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_0021ef8e&cb=1547489026303&jobListingId=3023125947"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	"Data Engineer, Saggezza New York, NYWhats the role? Saggezza is a technology consulting organization that helps that helps companies embrace cutting-edge solutions and improvements. As consultants, developers, and analyst we help our clients adapt and transform the way in which they do business.  Were looking for a talented Data Engineer to work with our clients in New York, New York. Every project will be different, but youll always be responsible for:Specification, development, test and rollout of features on clients data platform. You are expected to contribute to the vision, understand clients product road map, integrate business value and client experience and contribute to build an engineering culture within the team. This initiative is of critical important to the success of the organization and our road map, for instance, services like liquidity analytics, billing, client on boarding, reporting and others will rely on the data platform.Managing multiple tasks and use sound judgment when prioritizing.Collaborating with global cross functional team in building customer centric products.Analyzing existing software implementations to identify areas of improvement and provide deadline estimates for implementing new features.Updating and maintain documentation for team processes, best practices and software runbooks.Establishing trusted partnerships with peers, product heads, and executive level stakeholders.What youll definitely need:Minimum 2 years of relevant professional experience using a modern programming language (preferably Java/Scala)B.S. or higher in Computer Science (or equivalent work experience)Experience with microservice architectureExperience with Kafka, MongoDB, Hadoop, CassandraExperience with AWSExperience leveraging test driven development techniques.Comfort with Agile operating models.What wed love to see:Experience in Financial Services or Fintech.Team oriented Strong interpersonal and communication skills Energetic, self-directed, and self-motivated.We are looking for someone who is passionate about technology and engineering.Exceptional analytical skills and ability to apply knowledge and experience in decision-making to arrive at creative and commercial solutionsAbility to leverage technology to deliver business valueYou are independent and comfortable in a fast paced, ambiguous and often multi-directional work environment Dont tick all the boxes? Dont worry about it: we still want to hear from you if you think youre the right person for the job. Why join our team?Work on major software projects for FTSE 500 companiesWork directly with our clients C-level executives from day oneWere growing fast. Come on board for the chance to grow with usEnjoy an agile and collaborative culture as part of a team of likeminded individualsWe have offices across North America, Europe, and India, which means global opportunities for career advancementTravel and work on-site with some of the worlds biggest companies Have you found us through our Saggezza Careers site? If not, take a look to find out more about life at Saggezza in each of our locations. Saggezza is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer: We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity. We base our employment decisions on merit, experience, and potential, without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, religion, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited by federal, state or local law."
"2955061037"	"Analytics & Insights Senior Data Analyst"	"Uber"	2019-01-11	113	146	126	4.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=110&ao=134571&s=58&guid=000001684d8898dc85df75b7d644a324&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_81af955b&cb=1547489024758&jobListingId=2955061037"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	" At Uber, we ignite opportunity by setting the world in motion. We take on big problems to help drivers, riders, delivery partners, and eaters get moving in more than 600 cities around the world.  We welcome people from all backgrounds who seek the opportunity to help build a future where everyone and everything can move independently. If you have the curiosity, passion, and collaborative spirit, work with us, and let’s move the world forward, together. About the Role As a member of the Uber Eats Analytics & Insights team, the Senior Data Analyst will drive the analyses behind decisions related to our community's support experience and management of Uber Eats Restaurant support. You’ll work with a cross functional team of product managers, business leaders, and Uber’s customer support network to address the complex challenges of scaling our business while building out a world-class support network for our restaurant partners.  The Senior Data Analyst will play a big part in developing our strategy to scale restaurant support as we develop onboarding, engagement and retention strategies. You will apply advanced analytics skills like experimental design and statistical modeling, along with advanced reporting through R and Python.  The ideal candidate for this role has excellent analytical and time-management skills, with the ability to communicate and present information for stakeholders at all levels of the business. You should apply for this position if you possess a passion for improving techniques, processes, tracking, analytical insights and technology used by restaurant support team to achieve our bold goals. What You’ll DoOwn data analysis and visualization, and communicate the outcomes/insights to various stakeholders including senior management to aid strategic decisions for improvements in support experience for drivers and ridersCoordinate with other members of the Community Operations Team to measure the impact and efficiency of new products and business processesDevelop analytical frameworks to support decision making in the US and CanadaPartner closely with Uber Eats Restaurant Support team to provide insights that drive decisions around process, policy and service modelBuild, maintain, and communicate detailed reporting & modelsDevelop dashboards that provide reliable insights and visualization into the restaurant experienceImplement and analyze A/B experimentsWhat You’ll NeedBachelor’s DegreeMinimum 3-4 years of data science, business intelligence, investment banking, consulting or related experienceExpertise in SQL (Hive or Presto experience a plus)Experience with R and/or Python (fluency in either language preferred)Strong teamwork skills and desire to help others learnExceptional data management skillsStrong communication and organization skillsHustle and entrepreneurship - driven and focused self-starterStrategic mindset - you're comfortable thinking a few steps ahead of where the team is at nowBonus Points IfHigh-growth analytics or operations experienceExperience working in a support environment (contact management analytics, Zendesk API familiarity, etc.)Experience in advanced reporting tools such as R Shiny, Dash, or BokehAbout the Team The NorthAm Community Operations team ensures that we are providing high-quality support at scale. The Analytics & Insights team is tasked with providing critical business insights to help identify opportunities and implement operational improvements across our entire organization."
"2996596647"	"Business Intelligence Developer"	"UBS"	2019-01-10	82	118	94	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=117&ao=201248&s=58&guid=000001684d889decb237996e6f1213bc&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_e0318fc1&cb=1547489026303&jobListingId=2996596647"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	"Your RoleAre you excited about working on a very critical business intelligence project? Have you worked on designing, development, support of SSAS cubes using Tabular model and SSIS packages? If so, you are the right person for the role. We’re looking for someone like that who can: To design, build & maintain SSAS Tabular cubesTo design, develop and maintain SSIS packages and familiar with XMLA/AMO/JSONCreation and optimisation of MDX/DAX queriesTo monitor the performance, reporting of SQL/DAX queriesExperienced developer with Power BI StackTo analyze user and business requirements, design and implement appropriate solutionsTo design and code programs following in-house standards and good design principlesTo support various test environment like QA, UAT etcTo ensure that all programs are documented to the UBS standardsTo work in an agile and iterative environmentYour teamThis is a Senior Cube/SSIS developer (AD) role in the area of Market Risk within Risk IT division of UBS. The role will be based in USA.What we offerTogether. That’s how we do things. We offer people around the world a supportive, challenging and diverse working environment. We value your passion and commitment, and reward your performance. Keen to achieve the work-life agility that you desire? We're open to discussing how this could work for you (and us).Take the next stepAre you truly collaborative? Succeeding at UBS means respecting, understanding and trusting colleagues and clients. Challenging others and being challenged in return. Being passionate about what you do. Driving yourself forward, always wanting to do things the right way. Does that sound like you? Then you have the right stuff to join us. Apply now.Disclaimer / Policy StatementsUBS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce."
"3055952819"	"Data Analytics Lead"	"Venmo"	2019-01-09	95	147	119	3.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=115&ao=355374&s=58&guid=000001684d889decb237996e6f1213bc&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_de22f51b&cb=1547489026303&jobListingId=3055952819"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	"About Us Venmo was founded on the principles of breaking down the intimidating barriers around financial transactions to make them intuitive, friendly, and even fun. And it worked: people love sending money with Venmo, and we're growing by leaps and bounds!  But we're only just getting started. We want to take that magic of sending money with Venmo and cascade it into every place where people use money. That means connecting people to their money in the most intuitive and fun way possible, then connecting people with each other. Users already love Venmo, but we know there are lots of things we haven't thought of to make the experience of using Venmo even more delightful and valuable. All that's going to take a lot of figuring out. Let's figure it out together! Data Analytics at Venmo Analytics plays a crucial role across Venmo. We approach problems inquisitively and with a desire to find solutions in our data. We believe that Analytics should drive business decisions across the company in order to keep our product simple, joyful, and delightful. The RoleResponsible for managing a team to drive the data driven decisions for a core business initiative at VenmoMotivate, lead, coach, and mentor team of analystsEnsure the timely delivery of data initiatives while continually raising the barEncourage technical and organizational innovation while managing realistic deadlinesFoster a collaborative attitude within the team and across the broader Venmo organizationPlay a key role in people-related initiatives including recruiting, onboarding, performance reviews, training, career advancement, etc. As an Analytics lead, you'll drive critical business decisions, build out our analytical capabilities, and work on perplexing problems. You'll be a thought leader for a small team and work to surpass goals through site optimization of data and experimentation. Day-to-Day ResponsibilitiesLeading a team of analysts and ensure proper development and growth in their careersProvide strategy and recommendations for your team and clientsDesign and analyze experiments to support product developmentDefine and evaluate key metrics and understand what moves them and whyWhat we're looking for7+ years of experience in business analytics, consulting, data science, and/or business intelligence1-2 years experience managing a small teamSQL guru, and working knowledge of Python or RPassionate about data quality and consistencyValues quality and reproducibility as a cornerstone of data scienceStrong analytical intuition and business acumenAbility to articulate insights, influence the decision making process, all the while successfully building productive working relationships with cross functional teamsAbility to manage competing priorities into a roadmap and align a team around these initiatives with a focus on impact We know the confidence gap and imposter syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates. Please don't hesitate to apply."
"3062194661"	"Senior Business Intelligence Analyst"	"ZocDoc"	2019-01-13	102	136	116	3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=125&ao=4120&s=58&guid=000001684d889decb237996e6f1213bc&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_ab533408&cb=1547489026304&jobListingId=3062194661"	2019-01-14 13:06:19	" Zocdoc is the tech company at the beginning of a better healthcare experience. Every day, we are driven by our mission to give power to the patient, building products and services that simplify and streamline the overall healthcare journey for patients and providers, delivering the modern healthcare experience they expect and deserve. Our forward-thinking approach prioritizes collaboration, agility, and continuous learning in service of our long-term vision. This has helped us drive significant innovation in a complex, slow-moving industry, and our talented team is looking for impact-minded individuals to join us as we continue to reimagine the healthcare experience.  Zocdoc is seeking an ambitious, detail-oriented individual to work with our Business Intelligence and Product Management teams. You will be responsible for partnering closely with our Product Management teams to define, execute and manage that team’s data and analytics strategy.  You will use a scientific approach to help teams identify what aspects of their business lines are most important, and how to improve them. This job will not only entail reporting and analysis, but also data-pipeline development and maintenance.  What You’ll Do: Collaborate with business partners to drive their data strategy, which includes; managing KPIs and funnel metrics with associated reporting; deep dive analysis to perform root cause investigations and opportunity sizing; AB test support.Write queries and code to extract relevant data from various platforms.Collaborate with other analysts to maintain our dashboards, ensuring they are up-to-date, accurate, and fair representations of product performance.Automate and streamline existing analytics processes to maximize efficiency.Help ensure that data is accurate and consistent throughout the organization.Train teams how to leverage our data tools and assess whether their conclusions are valid.Work with engineering teams in tracking events that are critical to measuring company performance.Clearly communicate your findings to a range of stakeholders to inform and educate them What’s Required: 3+ years experience working with large data sets to extract and surface actionable findings.Degree in engineering, science, statistics, economics, finance or related technical field.Experience communicating to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.Proven track record of forming and executing on high-level business strategy.Advanced Excel skills including pivot tables, macros, charts, functions, and VBA modeling.Proficiency with SQL.Experience with data modeling in Tableau, Looker or data visualization tool.Experience with a Customer Data Platform tool is a plus (mParticle, Segment).Knowledge of Spark or Hive is a plus.MBA is a plus.Experience with Python or R a plus.Experience in Marketing and/or Ad Tech a plus.About the Data Science Team  Zocdoc’s Data Science department is a team of curious, analytical humans who want to know the meaning of things. With the latest, greatest Big Data-processing engines, we distill the millions of patient-doctor interactions that happen every day into invaluable, healthcare-transforming insights. Working closely with BizOps and Product Engineering, we inform the decisions that allow Zocdoc to grow and do its job better—from helping our partners build healthy markets to inventing products that patients and providers can truly appreciate."
