"jobListingId"	"title"	"company"	"last_updated"	"salary_min_est"	"salary_max_est"	"salary_est"	"review"	"url"	"run_time"	"description"
"3138275033"	"Business Analyst - Lead - New York City, NY"	"ABM"	2019-03-04	66	107	84	2.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=112&ao=321255&s=58&guid=00000169493af7b08393f2e14b28ae86&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_db3dd380&cb=1551711795718&jobListingId=3138275033"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	" Transforming an amazing business is not easy! Our team is taking on the greatest systems and technology transformation challenges in our vast and complex organization. We are seeking the best and brightest to support our success. ?If you are ready to be part of something amazing, please read on!? JOB SUMMARY: ABM is searching for an Analyst who will be responsible for supporting the tools and processes of ABM?s newly formed Innovation Team, helping to drive innovative solutions to business problems. The Analyst will work across the organization on a number of projects and activities. This includes supporting various projects ranging from data analytics to testing and bringing to market various technologies including autonomous equipment, IoT (Internet of Things), Bluetooth low energy beacons and similar applications, artificial intelligence and machine learning. The work will require attention to detail, external research, outside software development partnership, various levels of reporting, and an ability to synthesize complex solutions into easily understood concepts for multiple constituencies. In addition, the Analyst will drive a series of initiatives for multiple teams and partners including external capability sourcing and proof of concept (POC) support.? Position reports to ABM?s Manager of Strategy initiatives. ?RESPONSIBILITIES: Collaborate with internal stakeholders to conceptualize and execute innovation projects; contend with a variety of perspectives, priorities and challenges  Design the analysis methodology to validate the success, or failure, of various innovation projects/pilots, taking input from the project team  Interpret the data, analyzing results using statistical techniques, and creating a clear business ?Return on Investment? case  Conduct full lifecycle analysis to include requirements, activities and design ?REQUIRED: Undergraduate degree with an additional 3 ? 5 years of professional experience  Demonstrated ability to manage multiple strategic partnerships and relationships with client groups  Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy  Excellent understanding of the current technology environment and leading-edge products and services  Strong business analysis and writing skills with the ability to articulate business concepts as manageable components  3 or more years of experience in the facilities services industry  MBA or other advanced degree preferred  Experience with working in a dynamic and/or startup environment  A flexibility and openness to shifting priorities and timelines  Willingness to try new things and fail  Willingness to travel up to 25% of time  No agency/third party assistance needed. No calls/no emails please. No relocation assistance or sponsorship available. All interested Job Seekers must apply on-line for proper consideration."
"3100851791"	"Business Intelligence Engineer"	"Amazon"	2019-02-27	83	115	100	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=126&ao=133043&s=58&guid=00000169493af7b08393f2e14b28ae86&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_c9c27f6f&cb=1551711795719&jobListingId=3100851791"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	" Amazons Advertising Analytics and Insights (A&I) team is looking for a motivated and experienced Business Intelligence Engineer to help us build a new global visualization and reporting product to support the needs of our largest global advertisers. We are a startup within one of the fastest growing and most strategic parts of Amazon. Our team owns the product, technology and deployment roadmap for advanced analytics and insight products across our advertiser success team. Advertiser success is core to Amazons growth, as it helps our suppliers drive awareness, consideration, and purchase of their products by hundreds of millions of consumers around the world, and generates revenue which helps us lower prices and invest in improvements to our customer experience. We are a highly motivated, collaborative and fun-loving team with an entrepreneurial spirit and bias for action. With a broad mandate to experiment and innovate, we are growing at an unprecedented rate with a seemingly endless range of new opportunities.  In this role, you work individually and with your team to create a new global visualization and reporting product that will provide a clear and over-arching view of the largest global brands advertising investments. You build on Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Amazon QuickSight, our cloud-powered business intelligence (BI) service. The product will show metrics on topics such as campaign delivery and return on advertising investment, and it will span multiple countries and multiple advertising channels, such as display and search. You engage with internal partners to understand the needs of the business, and you design, develop, and maintain metrics, reports, dashboards, visualizations, etc. You drive operational excellence for data ingestion, transformation and publication to ensure confidence in the systems that we build. You deeply analyze results to understand and explain what the data has to say and how it can be used. We are looking for a leader who can thrive in a startup environment, thinks big, moves fast, and wants to change the way customers use data to drive business success. If you are passionate about creating the future, come join us as we work hard, have fun, and make history. Basic Qualifications · 2+ years of professional experience in analytics, business analysis or comparable position  · Bachelor's degree in computer science, business, engineering, or a related field  · Proficiency in SQL and Excel  · Scripting/automation in Python, Java, or other programming language  · Understanding of ETL, data warehousing and data modeling concepts and practices  · Excellent verbal and written communication skills Preferred Qualifications · Masters degree in business, engineering, or a related field  · Track record of successfully delivering complex projects and/or data visualizations to customers  · Experience with data visualization tools such as QuickSight, QlikView, Power BI, or Tableau  · Familiarity with Amazon Web Services technologies  · Understanding of common advertising metrics and KPIs  Amazon.com is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age  #adsto "
"2788906613"	"Data Engineer"	"Amplify"	2019-02-28	113	154	132	3.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=117&ao=457749&s=58&guid=00000169493af7b08393f2e14b28ae86&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_796ef971&cb=1551711795718&jobListingId=2788906613"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	" A pioneer in K–12 education since 2000, Amplify is leading the way in next-generation curriculum and assessment. Our captivating core and supplemental programs in ELA, math, and science engage all students in rigorous learning and inspire them to think deeply, creatively, and for themselves. Our formative assessment products turn data into practical instructional support to help all students build a strong foundation in early reading and math. All of our programs provide teachers with powerful tools that help them understand and respond to the needs of every student. Today, Amplify serves more than three million students in all 50 states. For more information, visit amplify.com.  As an engineer at Amplify, you will join a talented team tackling the toughest problems in education with the best ideas in technology – including user experience, APIs and services, data analysis, and deployment pipelines. You’ll play an active role in imagining and improving product design and the classroom experience.  We hire engineers “for the slope, not the intercept” – we’re looking for intellectual ability, flexibility and ability to learn, and commitment to work together in tight-knit teams. What You’ll Do Our data team builds, augments, and maintains the infrastructure that empowers teams across Amplify and our customers to make sense of and tell stories with their data. We believe strongly in teaching our teammates to serve themselves, within a safe, reliable, and agile environment. You’ll be building data systems, but also the sharing-and-learning culture so that every team uses these tools to improve their own lives, and those of our students and teachers. Impress the toughest customers around – seventh graders – by:helping teams create fun, compelling apps by leveraging millions of data pointsMake life better for passionate, overworked teachers by:helping teachers understand their students by building reusable data pipelinesMake life better for passionate, overworked Marketing and Sales teams by:using REST APIs for sourcing/sending data to SAAS like Salesforce, HubspotHelp school administrators build great schools by:respecting privacy and ensuring security while offering useful insights by making smart choices in tech stack, database design, and encryptionhelping school principals understand how teachers are teaching and how students are learning by architecting data warehouse schemas and SQL transforms with just the right CTEs, window functions, and pivotsanalyzing performance and squashing tricky bugs using tools like AWS Redshift, Matillion, Python, SQL, AWS CloudWatch, AWS SNSLearn every day by:immersing oneself in agile rituals and leveraging our infrastructureleading collaboration, pull request-ing, and mentoring on a cross-functional teamparticipating in cross-team share-outs, brownbags, and workshop seriesbecoming an expert in the data models and standards within Amplify and the educational industry in order to deliver quality and consistent solutionsExample Projects You Might Work OnBuilding well-tested and optimized ETL data pipelines for both full and delta extractionCollaborating with data scientists to store, aggregate, and calculate captured students’ workContributing to leading industry data standards, such as Caliper Analytics or xAPIImproving our deployment and testing automation data pipelinesYou Must HaveBS/MS in Computer Science, Data Science, or equivalent2+ years of professional software development or data engineering experienceStrong CS and data engineering fundamentalsProven fluency in SQL and a development language such as PythonUnderstanding of ETL/ELT pipelines and Data Warehousing design, tooling, and supportUnderstanding of different data formatting (JSON, CSV, XML) and data storage techniques (3NF, EAV Model, Star Schema, Data Vault)Strong communication skills in writing, conversation, and maybe silly gifsExtra Credit ForExperience with tools we use every day:Storage: AWS Storage Services (Redshift, Redshift Spectrum, S3, Glacier, DynamoDB), Parquet, PostgresETL/BI: Matillion, LookerExperience with tools we don’t use, but should, and the wisdom to know when to recommend themProven passion and talent for teaching fellow engineers and non-engineersProven passion for building and learning: open source contributions, pet projects, self-education, Stack OverflowExperience in education or ed-tech Amplify is an Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities.  This position may be funded, in whole or in part, through American Recovery & Reinvestment Act funds.  Amplify Education, Inc. is an E-Verify participant."
"3132784449"	"Consumer Insights & Business Intelligence Manager"	"Booking.com"	2019-02-28	71	100	85	3.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=318311&s=149&guid=00000169493af7b0aaa90359b942d0db&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_7ca4f3c7&cb=1551711795683&jobListingId=3132784449"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	" This is an exciting new opportunity for an exceptional consumer insights and business intelligence specialist to bring his/her analytical skills, passion, and strategic rigor to this new role for the Americas Marketing Region of Booking.com, the leading global online travel company.  Booking.com has a strong tradition in being very customer centric and data-driven; using a variety of research (from qual & quant consumer research, business intelligence, usability testing, predictive analytics, experimentation tests, etc), and strong analyses to inform business, marketing, media and communications strategies and tactics.  The US and a number of Latin America markets have been identified as a priority growth markets for the company globally. We have a wealth of consumer, product (website), brand, category and business data at our disposal. Your role will be to partner with the Americas Marketing team; collaborate with various Global Consumer Insights, Business Intelligence & Data Scientist teams; and help prioritize and identify valuable business intelligence & consumer insights that will define growth opportunities, shape marketing and communication strategies, and inform world-class communications.  The Americas Consumer Insights & Business Intelligence Lead is a strong strategic partner in the Americas Marketing organization as we continue on the journey of building a world class brand, win the hearts & minds of consumers, and drive business growth with the goal of becoming the category leader in the whole Americas region (with a primary focus on the US).  You will be responsible for: Defining the Americas CI/BI annual & quarterly priorities, deliverables and roadmap to support the Americas marketing team throughout the year.Identifying consumer, market & business trends and intelligence that shape our business, marketing and media strategies.Providing powerful actionable consumer insights that are the strategic foundation of communication briefs, campaigns, advertising and content assets.Working closely with the Global CI & BI teams to understand existing data & insights; identify where added value can be brought for the Americas region; and share learnings and best practices with Global & Regional teamsOverseeing the sourcing and processing of insights, research and data; applying analytical rigor into valuable and actionable insights & recommendations This new role sits within the Americas Regional Marketing team based in New York, reporting to the Americas Regional Marketing Director, supporting both US and Latin America teams. You will also liaise regularly with Global Consumer & Business Intelligence team leads & teams based in Amsterdam to leverage our global CI/BI data, tools, platforms & resources, and sharing best practices & learnings, in addition to other key stakeholders in the region and headquarters.  We are looking for an exceptional insights & intelligence candidate with a track record gained in a leading FMCG, E-commerce or Business Consulting company. Given this is a new role, you should already have experience and confidence in being responsible for successfully overseeing the deliverables of the position. You will bring proactivity, intellect, leadership and inspiration to this new role; being able to operate independently to bring immediate value to the regional team, global stakeholders, and senior management with your ideas, plans and recommendations. B.responsible:Serve as an objective and passionate in-house strategic thinker (and sparring partner) on consumer insights and business intelligence recommendations that inform marketing, brand, media and communication strategies;Translate business and marketing needs into research strategies, plans & roadmapsBe the internal consumer insights & business intelligence knowledge authority, being able to connect dots from a variety of data sources to identify and prioritize growth opportunities;Be a core business partner that informs annual & quarterly planning; and helps to set marketing, brand and communication goalsUncover actionable consumer and derivative insights based on research & data; and translate them into strategic recommendations that inform communication strategies & creative briefsProvide an objective consumer-representative opinion during the creative development process to ensure communications are delivering on consumer needsOversee the implementation of creative testing (Qual and/or Quant) to assess effectiveness of different assets and identify any areas of optimizations & improvementsProvide monthly Brand Health & Equity updates highlighting key areas of strengths, opportunities and recommendationsMonitor, identify and report relevant Consumer & Competitive trends & implicationsUtilize global resources, tools, & methodologies to ensure consistency in data gathering and reporting; and being a Regional center of excellence partner with global teams.Develop strong working relationships throughout the business and with external agencies (research partners, media and creative agencies);Present and socialize insights across different departments at all levels of the organization (especially to non-researchers);Lead quantitative survey design, implementation, analysis & report writingManage external consumer insight partners and oversee consumer research, workshops and strategy sessions.B.skilled Key skills and experience include the following: Business Acumen: Ability to identify opportunities via a holistic understanding of consumer, brand business, and competitive insightsAnalytical Skills: Advanced skills in data analysis, including statistical evaluation & synthesis. Ability to analyze both quantitative and qualitative data to identity patterns, trends, insights, opportunities, gaps and define implications from multiple sources of data.Research Skills: Strong experience overseeing both quantitative & qualitative research. Experience in managing research agencies and running qualitative offline or online research. Experience with leading quant research from goal setting, survey design, implementation and reporting of results. Proven track record in insight/planning roles with specific experience with insight identification and advertising development;Technical Skills: Mastery of Excel, and ability to use data software and platforms to obtain and analyze relevant data (SPSS/JMP and SQL/HQL).Communication Skills: Ability to present complicated analytical material and/or distill large amounts of information and data in a concise and compelling manner; to stakeholders of varying degrees of seniority as well as different cultures and perspectives.Project & Organizational Management: Excellent organizational skills with ability to proactively define and manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously and deliver results under tight deadlines;Individual & Team Player: Someone who thrives in an entrepreneurial & dynamic environment who can operate independently; and can also be a real team player and work collaboratively in a matrix organization.Experience working at world-class, global and/or e-commerce brandsCombination of smart, humble, proactive, confident, independent and excels working in a team environmentOpen to travel (10-20% of time) to Amsterdam, within US and to Latin AmericaFluency in English both spoken and written, proficiency in other languages (Spanish/Portuguese is preferred);Bachelor Degree or ideally Masters (preferably an MBA), or degree specialized in Business, Marketing, Psychology, Statistics, Finance or a related field.Minimum 7 years of relevant experienceMust be currently authorized to work in the US"
"3129503372"	"Senior Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Dataminr"	2019-02-26	122	162	141	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=115&ao=472621&s=58&guid=00000169493af7b08393f2e14b28ae86&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_94c67901&cb=1551711795718&jobListingId=3129503372"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	"Type: Full TimeWho we are: We are Dataminr. We deliver real-time, actionable alerts that are derived from vast amounts of publicly available information. Our clients are the first to know about high-impact events and critical breaking information, giving them the opportunity to act faster and stay one step ahead when every second counts. We are a mission-driven company committed to the power of real-time information as a force for good in the world.  Our groundbreaking AI and machine learning technology cuts through the noise in an increasingly complex landscape by detecting, classifying, and determining the significance of public information. Headquartered in NYC, Dataminr has revolutionized the way that global news, finance, public sector, corporate security and PR/communications professionals know and act on critical, relevant information to protect people, assets and brands.  Along the way, we've grown to over 450 talented employees across six global offices, raised over $570 million from leading venture and growth technology investors, and been referred to as the \"super tool of journalists and hedge funds.\" We've received numerous awards and accolades from our clients, including recognition from CNBC as one of the world's 50 most disruptive private technology companies in 2016 and joining Forbes' definitive list of the top 100 private cloud companies in the world, in 2017 and 2018.  A career at Dataminr offers the ability to make a meaningful impact at a rapidly growing tech company with a startup culture, while being supported by the experience of a company founded in 2009. We value ownership, curiosity and drive on an individual level and live these values every day. We empower everyone to have a voice at the table and regularly invest in professional development. Our culture promotes cross team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it enables us to do our best work and have fun. Who you are: You're an experienced and technical Senior Business Intelligence Analyst interested in applying your quantitative skills to challenging questions within a data-intensive, information SAAS business that drives innovation across multiple sectors. You have worked closely with senior executives in a highly analytical role (data analysis and visualization, business or marketing analysis, optimization problems) understanding and refining key metrics and their relationships to measure business success. You develop warm relationships with stakeholders and enjoy helping them understand metric trade-offs as you drive influential decisions forward and create impactful change. You excel when you are extracting meaning from complex and big datasets and you have ample technical experience with optimizing SQL, BI platforms, and using Python and R to transform granular event data into aggregated insights [bonus for experience with Spark, SCALA, Redshift, Vertica or Presto]. You communicate your insights both verbally and visually, you are comfortable managing your own work while juggling multiple priorities in a rapidly-growing organization and you naturally build effective partnerships across organizational and functional boundaries in order to deliver high-quality and impactful results. The opportunity: Data Analysts at Dataminr continuously improve the accuracy and efficiency of our analytics and reporting infrastructure. We drive process optimizations forward and provide an analytical framework for the insights that inform product, marketing, sales, and business decisions across the company. This is an opportunity to shape the next generation of our analytics platform including the evaluation of AI features. You'll work to refine what we measure and how we interpret and use that data to inform business decisions. To do this, you'll use a combination of 3rd party and homegrown BI tooling to transform raw data into meaningful insights informed by best practices in data governance and analytical techniques. You'll identify metrics that enable high quality understanding of the performance of the company's key initiatives and then work with our BI and Analytics Engineers to implement the corresponding custom metrics, dashboards and tooling that measure and track performance. You'll work with individual teams to enhance their use of data to improve efficiencies and you'll continually teach what you learn to others.  In the first month, you'll start off by learning the ropes, spending time with different parts of the company to understand how Dataminr works.get up to speed on our company metrics, our data structures and our BI tooling with overview sessions and deep dives with your team.contribute code to production systems. Within 3 months, you'll: Help to plan new metrics and refinements to existing metrics.share responsibility for BI projects with other members of your team.begin to take more of a role in helping others understand our BI strategy. Within 6 months, you'll: own BI initiatives that impact multiple teams.be influential in helping plan the next iterations of our BI tooling.bring new ideas to our engineering and BI processes to help us improve constantly.The way we work: To maintain our momentum, we need a talented, diverse team of people committed to the idea that real-time information can be a force for good in the world. We take initiative, ownership, and are accountable.We work urgently and thoughtfully and are driven to constantly improve.We share knowledge, consider varied perspectives, and assume positive intent.We are commercially minded and deliver measurable results.We maintain a sense of humor and humility.Our offering of competitive benefits and perks include:Competitive compensation package including company equityCompany paid benefits for employees and their dependents, such as medical, dental, vision, disability and lifeFlexible spending account to be used for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses401(k) savings plan with company matchingGenerous leaveDaily catered lunch and kitchen fully stocked with snacks and beveragesDiscounted Gym MembershipDataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.#LI-ID"
"3136940086"	"Data Analyst, FP&A - Business Intelligence"	"Dow Jones"	2019-03-03	70	116	90	3.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=122&ao=135398&s=58&guid=00000169493af7b08393f2e14b28ae86&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_4082291a&cb=1551711795718&jobListingId=3136940086"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	"Job Description: The FP&A (Financial Planning & Analysis) group is seeking a Data Analyst to support our Business Intelligence Lead in continuing to build out an exciting new function within the group while heavily partnering with our Knowledge Unit. This new functions mission will be to develop ease of access to revenue analytics and KPIs aligned to measuring Dow Jones core strategies and success of the most important decisions being made in the business. ResponsibilitiesFocus on enhancing and delivering on a handful of key initial projects, including but not limited to KPI & Exec reporting, Strategy & Innovation team support, and B2B revenue reportingHelp develop wider scope and projects, identify additional opportunities and measure against delivery of Business Intelligence roadmap according to timelinesRevamp and build out revenue and KPI analysis to understand business performance measured against targets, strategies, and trendsDevelop understanding of data landscape across the company and key contributorsIdentify and make recommendations for upstream data improvement opportunities across various sources of dataEnhance ability to understand the impacts and influence decision making of core strategiesDrive process conversion from heavy use of excel and big data toward sophisticated, actionable dashboards and reporting using various available toolsPivot analysis to real time understanding of business performanceLearn about past, current and future projects around data analytics across the business and become embedded in a number of themBecome a key resource and build relationships across the FP&A team, data teams, and the wider business--become enveloped in ongoing and future projects involving dataHelp develop training and upskilling of BI capabilities for the FP&A team and wider businessHelp provide updates and presentations to key stakeholders, Senior Leadership, and Executive Management on delivery of the BI roadmapSkills and ExperienceTeam oriented and collaborative with eagerness to be challenged and learnExcellent communication skills with all levels of employees and managementBachelors Degree or higher with a specialization in Statistics, Computer Science, Data Science, MIS (Management Information Systems) or related fieldExperience with data visualization tools and techniques, e.g. Tableau or similar toolsStrong understanding of relational databases, SQL, and MS ExcelKnowledge of specific systems a plus including Amazon S3, Amazon Redshift, Domo, Salesforce, Operative.One a plusWorking knowledge of multiple analytics and programming languages such as R, Python, SAS, VBA, Julia, Java, Scala or similar a plusMedia industry experience a plusDow Jones , Making Careers Newsworthy  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets .  Dow Jones is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities, in our job application and/or interview process. If you need assistance or accommodation in completing your application, due to a disability, please reach out to us at TalentResourceTeam@dowjones.com . Please put Reasonable Accommodation\" in the subject line.  Business Area: FINANCE  Job Category: Finance Group About Us Dow Jones is a global provider of news and business information, delivering content to consumers and organizations around the world across multiple formats, including print, digital, mobile and live events. Dow Jones has produced unrivaled quality content for more than 125 years and today has one of the worlds largest news gathering operations globally. It produces leading publications and products including the flagship Wall Street Journal, Americas largest newspaper by paid circulation; Factiva, Barrons, MarketWatch, Financial News, DJX, Dow Jones Risk & Compliance, Dow Jones Newswires, and Dow Jones VentureSource.Dow Jones is a division of News Corp (NASDAQ: NWS, NWSA; ASX: NWS, NWSLV). If you are a current employee at Dow Jones, do not apply here. Please go to the Career section on your Workday homepage and view \"Find Jobs - Dow Jones.\" Thank you. Req ID: 15842"
"3102732616"	"Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Industrious"	2019-03-01	96	129	110	4.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=432641&s=58&guid=00000169493af7b08393f2e14b28ae86&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_d2e7d0c8&cb=1551711795718&jobListingId=3102732616"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	"About the Company:Industrious is the largest premium coworking solution and flexible workspace provider in the U.S, with 50+ locations in 33 cities across the country. We partner with companies big and small to create productivity-driven workplace experiences that complement beautiful spaces with world-class hospitality. We are committed to the vision that everyone deserves to experience the pride and meaning that you get out of a great day at work. With $142 million in funding to-date, we are well-positioned to continue our rapid growth in the US and beyond.As we enter our next phase of growth, our experienced leadership team is looking for hard-working people at all levels who are ready to join a warm, collaborative, and positive team dedicated to reclaiming the workplace experience. For more information, visit www.industriousoffice.com.We kindly request that you do not call Industrious locations for employment inquiries.About the Role: The Business Intelligence Analyst at Industrious is a critical role responsible for driving analytics across our network of operations. You will focus on conceptualizing, executing, and systematizing how we uncover data-driven insights that grow our business and improve our members' experience.  This is an analytics role that will help ask and answer big strategic questions: Where should we put the next Industrious location? How should we price our spaces? What is the connection between our approach to hospitality and our net promoter score? Sometimes you'll be working with our BI team to blaze the trail, requiring the ability figure out the approach, execute the first analysis, and share what it means for the business. Other times you'll build on an existing approach, working with other members of our team to level up our processes and build tools that will scale with us as we grow.  This is an amazing role for a curious, analytical mind who is excited to join a rapidly growing team, touch all elements of the business, and help set the foundation for the way we approach analytics and insights going forward.  The role is based in New York. You are a great fit for this role if:You love rolling up your sleeves and digging through data to figure out why things are the way they areYou have a strong analytical intuition and the curiosity to learn whatever it takes to get from your hypothesis to a solid answerData engineering? Data analysis? Data science? You want to work with all three pieces of the analytics cycleYou have a knack for asking the right questions to help people get the information and outcomes they needResponsibilities:Maintain core metrics for our unit operations, real estate, design and construction, marketing, and hospitality teamsConduct ad hoc analyses on a wide variety of data sources using Excel and SQLBuild dashboards and reports in Tableau to share metrics and insights with all teams at IndustriousHelp build and improve tools and processes that produce ongoing insights for our businessRequirements:Strong analytical and communication skills2+ years of experience working with non-technical users to understand business problems and map abstract problems to data that can be used to solve them2+ years of hands-on experience with SQL and proficiency with ExcelPrior experience with visualization tools such as Tableau (preferred) or LookerWork or academic experience with cleaning, transforming, and analyzing dataPreferred qualifications:Strong SQL experienceKnowledge of Python and/or RPerks:In addition to our incredible team, there are lots of other fun reasons to work with us. Daily breakfast, snacks, coffee, tea, and drinks at all Industrious locationsHealth care, including vision and dental401K planSmart casual dress codeGenerous vacation timePaid parental leaveTeam outings (ex. Dinners, rock climbing, yoga classes and more!)Company-wide outings and retreats (previous locations have included New Orleans & the Hamptons)Industrious in the News:Industrious raises $80 million to double coworking sites in 2018Industrious Raises $80M in Funding Co-Led by Fifth Wall, RiverwoodIs Industrious Like A Four Seasons? CEO Hodari Seems to Think SoBlackstone's EQ Office Brings New Coworking Model to Howard Hughes CenterIndustrious is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to equal treatment of all employees and applicants without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis protected by law."
"3130605992"	"Business Intelligence Associate Product Manager"	"Mediaocean"	2019-02-27	71	108	88	4.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=110&ao=133413&s=58&guid=00000169493af7b08393f2e14b28ae86&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_9a3be61d&cb=1551711795718&jobListingId=3130605992"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	" Mediaocean is the world’s largest, independent advertising technology company. Our clients include the most successful advertising agencies, media specialists, media owners, and advertisers. Mediaocean’s mission is to enable advertising agencies to leverage the power of technology in a rapidly changing digital landscape. Mediaocean is making this a reality through the creation of global, open and neutral operating systems that will benefit and transform the entire industry.  Job DescriptionMediaocean is searching for a Business Intelligence Associate Product Manager to lead the product life-cycle for Mediaocean's Business Intelligence applications. This is an exciting opportunity to work with customers, prospects, and partners across our business. This position will be located in our New York, New York headquarters.  Responsibilities will include: Lead product lifecycle for Mediaocean’s Business Intelligence applications, covering all phases of developmentWork with customers, prospects and partners to identify market’s data, reporting and analytics needsPartner with Mediaocean’s sales, services, support, development and other stakeholders to drive product developmentConsolidate, rationalize, and prioritize market requirements and client requests into product roadmapsHelp define go-to-market strategy and timeline for product features and enhancementsDesign functional specifications and make feature, resource, and timeline tradeoff decisionsCollaborate closely with engineering leaders and their teams through all stages of product development Skills & Requirements 1-3 years of product management experience building client-facing Business Intelligence applicationsExperience working with engineers to develop and ship new product featuresFamiliarity with at least a few Databases, Data Warehouses, and Reporting or Visualization toolsExcellent oral and written communication, negotiation, and interpersonal skillsBS in Computer Science, Math or other quantitative discipline"
"3050825840"	"Business Analyst"	"Medidata Solutions"	2019-02-28	88	136	109	4.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=120626&s=58&guid=00000169493af7b08393f2e14b28ae86&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_0ea8149c&cb=1551711795717&jobListingId=3050825840"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	" Medidata is leading the digital transformation of life sciences with the world's most-used platform for clinical development, commercial and real-world data. Powered by artificial intelligence and delivered by #1 ranked industry experts, the Intelligent Platform for Life Sciences helps pharmaceutical, biotech, medical device companies and academic researchers accelerate value, minimize risk and optimize outcomes. Medidata serves more than 1,000 customers and partners worldwide and empowers more than 100,000 certified users every day to create hope for millions of patients. Discover the future of life sciences: www.mdsol.com  We know that diverse teams win and are fully committed to selecting leaders and employees that represent the markets in which we operate. We are still led by our Co-founders, Tarek Sherif and Glen de Vries, and have global operations in US, Europe and Asia with over 2000 employees. Your Mission:Designs, develops and manages activities for a specific product or group of products from product definition and planning through production, release, and end of lifeServes as the central resource with design, process, manufacturing, test, quality and marketing as the product(s) move to production and distributionInvolvement lasts throughout all stages of a product’s lifecycle including modifications, upgrades and maintenance of the product or product lineYour Competencies:Developing professional expertise, applies company policies and procedures to resolve a variety of issuesWorks on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors. Exercises judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate actionBuilds productive internal/external working relationshipsNormally receives general instructions on routine work, detailed instructions on new projects or assignmentsYour Education & Experience:Typically requires a Bachelor’s degree and a minimum of 2 years of related experience; or an advanced degree without experience; or equivalent work experience Medidata is making a real difference in the lives of patients everywhere by accelerating critical drug and medical device development, enabling life-saving drugs and medical devices to get to market faster. Our products sit at the convergence of the Technology and Life Sciences industries, one of most exciting areas for global innovation. Nine of the top 10 best-selling drugs in 2017 were developed on the Medidata platform.  Medidata’s solutions have powered over 14,000 clinical trials giving us the largest collection of clinical trial data in the world. With this asset, we pioneer innovative, advanced applications and intelligent data analytics, bringing an unmatched level of quality and efficiency to clinical trials enabling treatments to reach waiting patients sooner.  Medidata Solutions, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Medidata Solutions provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by the law. Medidata Solutions complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.  #LI-SS1"
"3129227862"	"Business Systems Analyst - Manager"	"Merkle"	2019-02-26	122	186	149	3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=118&ao=494282&s=58&guid=00000169493af7b08393f2e14b28ae86&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_82adec6b&cb=1551711795718&jobListingId=3129227862"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	" Company DescriptionMerkle is a leading data-driven, technology-enabled, global performance marketing agency that specializes in the delivery of unique, personalized customer experiences across platforms and devices. For more than 30 years, Fortune 1000 companies and leading nonprofit organizations have partnered with Merkle to maximize the value of their customer portfolios. The agency's heritage in data, technology, and analytics forms the foundation for its unmatched skills in understanding consumer insights that drive people-based marketing strategies. Its combined strengths in performance media, customer experience, customer relationship management, loyalty, and enterprise marketing technology drive improved marketing results and competitive advantage. With 5,500 employees, Merkle is headquartered in Columbia, Maryland, with 24 additional offices in the US and 25 offices in Europe and APAC. In 2016, the agency joined the Dentsu Aegis Network.Job DescriptionThe Business Systems Analyst Manager is the key liaison between high profile clients and the Merkle Technology Teams. This is an extremely visible position, as the Business Systems Analyst Senior Manager elicits and drives requirements at multiple levels of detail for Merkle clients. The Business Systems Analyst Senior Manager should have a strong attention to detail and is entrusted with accurately documenting requirements and acceptance criteria for a project. Solutions are primarily centered ona client hosted CRM data warehouse integrated with marketing tools Merkle supports.  Key Responsibilities Interface with the client, third-party vendors, and multi-disciplinary teams within Merkle (Data Warehouse Developers, Project Managers, Quality Assurance, Business Intelligence, and Information Technology) to support the solution delivery process.Lead solution discovery sessions with the client stakeholders and subject matter experts as a means to illicit solution requirements, both business and functionalAdvise the CRM team on feasibility, LOE and requirements as related to audience and content strategy planning.Translate and relay data requirements from the CRM team to the Merkle team and partner agencies to align all parties on proper data use.Help to QA data and manage timeline requirements to ensure accuracy and on-time delivery of data for use in outbound campaigns.Provide input to the client, third-party vendors, and multi-disciplinary teams within Merkle regarding schedule, scope, and cost trade offsServe as the functional point of contact for the solution during Design and Development, working through data and design questions/issues as they ariseWork closely with the QA discipline to define and execute a test plan, which will include internal and User Acceptance TestingDesign and support the formal client acceptance process, according to Merkles defined standardsFacilitate change requests with the broader team using a defined change management processQualificationsA successful candidate will have both technical and business acumen, and feel comfortable working in a database as well as translating requirements in laymans terms.Have a thorough understanding of marketing database best practices.Experience designing solutions for data-driven strategies.Experience troubleshooting data issues, creating documentation and advising on data interactionsHave a general understanding of how marketing tools are integrated and the business function they serve. Exposure to tools like Adobe Campaign, Adobe Audience Manager, Adobe Analytics, Tableau, and LiveRamp.Experience with client-facing and inter-agency communication.Experience with some combination of the following: SQLHadoopAWSAnalytical skillsCommunication skillsDetail orientedProblem-solving skillsCritical thinking Additional InformationAll your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines."
"3130781435"	"Senior Business Intelligence Developer"	"New York Presbyterian"	2019-02-27	84	121	98	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=125&ao=283198&s=58&guid=00000169493af7b08393f2e14b28ae86&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_c1379b11&cb=1551711795719&jobListingId=3130781435"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	" LocationNew York, New YorkShift:Day (United States of America)Description:  Drive Technological Advancement at New York's #1 Hospital  Senior Business Intelligence Developer  At NewYork-Presbyterian, our commitment to cutting-edge technology is crucial to the delivery of world-class care and caring. Employees throughout our organization rely on data resources to perform as efficiently and effectively as possible. Our team drives the organization in the use and adoption of data in today's evolving healthcare environment. Our developers use any combination of methods necessary to develop actionable recommendations and products for our partners. Now, we're seeking an innovative self-starter like you to support the continuous advancement of our hospital's analytic capabilities. Help us Make It Possible.  Key responsibilities include working with team members to complete data related projects such as dashboard development, statistical analyses, and model development. The Senior Business Intelligence Developer will be analyzing Clinical, Operational, and Financial data. Interacting with stakeholders to understand their needs and turn them into actionable products. Leveraging data management skills to develop rich, interactive, visually striking data that facilitate discussion with key stakeholders. Managing project timelines and share concerns about deliverables, timelines and risks. This position serves on our centralized analytics team to meet the needs of our business partners.  Preferred Criteria Master's degree in related fieldMinimum 1 years of experience in Python, Tableau or SQLProject management experienceFluency and understanding of statistical theoryExperience in a hospital patient care settingAbility to capture, transform and analyze raw data, draw conclusions and develop actionable recommendations.Ability to use logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems.Ability to distill and present analytic results to a non-technical audience through various methods of visualizationAbility to work independently to effectively negotiate and manage competing expectations, commitments, and change Required Criteria Bachelor's degree or Master's degree in Computer Science, Business Administration, or equivalent work experienceMinimum 5 years of previous work experienceExcellent verbal and written communication skillsAbility to work within a team environment Join a hospital where employee engagement is at an all-time high. Enjoy competitive compensation along with benefits such as tuition reimbursement, hospital retirement contributions, and financial planning assistance. Start your life-changing journey today. __________________#1 in New York, \"America's Best Hospitals 2017-2018.\" - U.S.News & World Report2018 \"Best Places to Work: Employee's Choice.\" - Glassdoor2018 \"Employees' Choice: Top CEOs\" - Glassdoor2018 \"America's Best Employers.\" - Forbes2018 \"150 Top Places to Work in Healthcare.\" - Becker's Healthcare2018 \"Top-Rated Work Places: Best Hospitals\" - Indeed Discover why we're #1 in New York and a best employer at: nyp.org/careers  NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital is an equal opportunity employer.SDL2017"
"3048064231"	"Senior Data Analyst"	"Newsela"	2019-02-26	88	138	112	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=448095&s=58&guid=00000169493aeef1b774da902a2fec3b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_34755bde&cb=1551711793407&jobListingId=3048064231"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	" Newsela is an Instructional Content Platform that brings together engaging, accessible content with integrated assessments and insights to supercharge reading engagement and learning in every subject. We are dedicated to our mission to unlock the written word for everyone. More than five years since our launch, Newsela is already in 90% of schools, across all 50 U.S. states, in addition to being in over 180 countries. The result has been more engaged readers, and engaged readers are better learners.  As Newsela's usage in classrooms all over the world has grown, so has our focus on using data-driven analysis and results across every area of our business; in turn, this will make us more efficient and effective in helping students learn to read. We're looking to drive unprecedented gains in student literacy and looking for an analyst to help get us there. ResponsibilitiesAssist the Community Team (Customer Success Team) with building predictive models to help increase engagement and usage across our customer baseCreate dashboards and deliver insightsLead advanced analysis designed to increase operational efficienciesSupport the senior members of the Data Team in their effort to provide expert analysis to the companyDesign and analyze a variety of A/B testsWrite SQL queries to extract data, clean and analyze data in Python or R, and prepare presentationThe Ideal CandidateBachelor's degree in a quantitative field, including but not limited to mathematics, engineering, computer science, or economics.2+ years in a highly analytical role, including but not limited to business analyst, data analyst, or data scientist working for a company that develops software.1+ years of professional experience using SQL.1+ years of professional experience using a scripting language, including but not limited to Python or R.Demonstrated experience retrieving data, cleaning and preparing data for analysis, performing data analysis, and presenting and defending analysis.Demonstrated experience visualizing analysis (plus for working with high-dimensional data).Demonstrated experience explaining technical material to non-technical audiences.Some PlusesMaster's degree in a quantitative fieldStrong statistical and mathematical backgroundExperience with any business intelligence tool (e.g. Looker, Chartio, Tableau, etc.)Presenting or visualizing insights involving high dimensional dataBackground in EconomicsExtremely detailed oriented.Newsela is strongly committed to the principle of equal opportunity for all individuals. Newsela will make all employment decisions without unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other status protected by law."
"3133963860"	"Lead Business Analyst, Business Solutions Mgmt"	"NuWare Technology Corp"	2019-03-01	147	215	169	3.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=120&ao=450127&s=58&guid=00000169493af7b08393f2e14b28ae86&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_1bda5895&cb=1551711795718&jobListingId=3133963860"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	" Title Lead Business Analyst, Business Solutions Mgmt Location New York City, NY Full Time Position Summary The Lead Business Analyst will be responsible for gathering and refining business information requirements that enhance SiriusXM business intelligence capabilities. This person will be required to have in depth knowledge of specific business processes and corresponding information needs. The analyst will interview users in order to establish reporting needs, define key performance indicators and their attributes, assess needs for training, and determine user acceptance criteria for development projects. Duties and Responsibilities bull Assist business staff in the development of business requirements documents, author business requirements when called for. bull Be a resource for other BI solutions team members for projects with complex requirements. bull Help identify and assess potential data sources and flows, and analyze existing Enterprise Data Warehouse structures to determine relevance to business needs. bull Participate in generating high-level solution concepts in consultation with development and quality assurance teams. bull Write functional requirements documents, participate in document reviews with business users and development and quality assurance teams. bull Document test strategies for primary project deliverables, and review test results. bull Maintain in-depth knowledge of evolving Sirius XM data warehouse and BI capabilities, as well as relevant operational, transactional, and financial systems understand full Sirius XM IT application portfolio. bull Maintain an understanding of how the data in the Enterprise Data Warehouse and the business layers built on it relate to important business entities, events and measurements. bull Work cooperatively with analysts and developers during the development life cycle to ensure that business requirements guide the development life cycle. Minimum Qualifications bull Bachelor's degree in information technology or related field, or equivalent, relevant experience. bull At least 8 years of working experience in a variety of technical roles within information technology. bull 5 or more years of experience in business analysis or data analysis roles in a BI environment. Requirements and General Skills bull Strong interpersonal skills. bull Ability to interpret, analyze and solve business problems with information technology solutions. bull Strong analytical and quantitative problem solving skills. bull Excellent verbal and written communication skills. bull Ability to advocate for the needs of business partners. bull Must have legal right to work in the U.S. Technical Skills bull Ability to understand complex sets of business requirements, including inter-relationships, dependencies and priorities. bull Experience authoring technical documents such as business requirements, functional requirements, database design representations, data and systems flow diagrams. bull Experience using data warehouses and analytical tools for business purposes experience with Cognos and Qlikview highly desirable. bull Knowledge of data warehouse architectures and processes. bull Understanding of the features and capabilities of one more DBMS's commonly used in data warehousing such as Oracle, Teradata, SQL Server. bull Proven record of managing the delivery of ongoing enhancements to business intelligence capabilities. bull Expertise developing and applying relational and dimensional data models. bull Understanding of ETL architectures and experience deploying ETL solutions in a data warehousing environment. bull Ability to conceptualize and communicate reporting strategies that address a wide range of information needs. bull Development experience with at least one business intelligence tool such as Microstrategy, Cognos, or Business Objects. bull Thorough knowledge of MS-Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access)."
"3137761122"	"Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Oracle"	2019-03-03	73	100	85	3.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=157444&s=58&guid=00000169493af7b08393f2e14b28ae86&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_2b4a41bc&cb=1551711795718&jobListingId=3137761122"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	" Provides programs to improve operational efficiency, consistency, and compliance in support of the organization*s financial and tactical business objectives. Provides business practices and processes. Develops, communicates, and trains the organization on business practices and processes.  Serve as a liaison with other divisions such as Finance, Contracts, HR, Legal, Shared Services, Accounts Receivable, Purchasing, and Risk Management in an effort to ensure accurate and timely transaction processing. Collect, input, verify, correct, and analyze data to measure key performance indicator actual versus business objectives. Provide updates to management regarding budget to actual, informing them of deviations and opportunities. Provide management with economic impact and compliance issues surrounding key business decisions and/or deals. Communicate Oracle Business Practices to the organization and monitor process and approvals for full compliance. Drive implementation of new processes and procedures.  Job duties are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. May have project lead role. Attention to detail critical. Ability to collect, organize, and display data in spreadsheet format. Follow-through skills necessary to get information from internal and third parties and have data errors/omissions corrected. For this, relationship management skills strongly desired. Strong written and verbal communication skills to interact with management and possible clients desired. 5 plus years relevant work experience. Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.*Responsibilities:*As a member of the Taxonomy Team within the Oracle Data Cloud Product organization, you will be responsible for driving insights and visibility into the performance of our Audience Products. You will use revenue, usage, saturation and inventory data to continually refine ODC's storefront of digital audience products. Your skills in data, analysis and presentation will help us direct our efforts and improve our products.You will use your deep knowledge of the composition of our audiences (as well as their classification and taxonomy structure) to inform your BI analysis.You will also work closely with our Product, Finance, and Sales teams to breakdown our current (and potential) offerings based on clear, actionable analysis. You'll help us use our massive online and offline data sets to find gaps and opportunity, and create the ideal digital consumer audiences - driving superior marketing results for our customers.You will be responsible for BI & reporting of ODC s Audience product portfolio.You will stay closely connected to the market with frequent client interactions, partner call participation, industry events and publicationsYou will collaborate with peer Product, Program Managers, Go-To-Market, and Product Marketing teams to ensure coherent product and GTM strategies.Business Success:*Enable superior insights and visibility into the performance of our Audience Products, which lets us formulate new and exciting business strategies to fuel our market growth, revenue & profit generation.Skills / Requirements:*BS/BA degree3-5 years of BI experience: data analysis, business analysis, technical consulting, business consulting or program managementBI & Data Analysis: o Ability to detect patterns, anomalies & relationships in datasets  o Ability to formulate business-relevant questions the datasets need to answer based on product requirements  o Ability the decompose these requirements in terms of data dimensions and metrics  o A knack for getting hands dirty with data to drive your analysis. Needless to say, you live and breathe SQL  o Ability to clearly illustrate findings in diagrams and charts Ability to set context when communicating in writing & in personAbility to take calculated risksAbility to deal with ambiguity & conflicting interestsA scrappy self-starterProven ability to simplify complex data structures while maintaining a big picture perspectiveExtremely strong interpersonal and communication skills requiredDemonstrated ability to self-motivate, establish strong working relationships, utilize resources within cross-functional teams, and be flexible within a fast-paced and changing environment.Desired skills/competencies:*BS/BA in CS, Information Technology, Library Science or Business AdministrationTaxonomy/data classification experience a plusAdtech/Martech experience a plusPython or similar scripting languageExperience with software development processesExperience with Big Data/NoSQL sources in addition to traditional SQL-based sources.Experience working with Data Engineering teams definitely a plusRuthless at prioritization. Ability to say no and explain whyAdvocates and defends positions by adapting message to audienceAbility to know when and how to say I don t know but here is what I will do to find out*Job:** **Business Operations**Organization:** **Oracle**Title:** *Business Intelligence Analyst**Location:** *WA,Washington-Seattle**Requisition ID:** *18001J3R**Other Locations:** *United States*"
"3099323394"	"Data Engineer"	"ShopKeep"	2019-02-26	87	119	102	2.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=472149&s=58&guid=00000169493af7b08393f2e14b28ae86&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_7967da39&cb=1551711795718&jobListingId=3099323394"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	"About Us Born out of frustration with the traditional cash register business, ShopKeep was designed by a retailer with a noble aim: to rescue independent business owners from the nightmare of archaic point of sale systems, and replace them with something beautiful, simple, and affordable. It turned out that by doing this, we were giving our fellow merchants a fighting chance against the big guys.  Today, our mission is simple: empower independent business owners to dream big and to fight smart. We're doing this through our cloud-based architecture, amazing customer care, and intuitive software that delivers the data small business owners need to run smarter businesses.  At ShopKeep, we've been successful because of our awesome team that believes small businesses make up the heart of our communities. About This Role We have terabytes of data and want you to put it to use. You'll work with us on the Data Engineering team to help others throughout the company get the most out of our data. A typical day might include taking a meeting with Customer Care about tracking agent productivity followed by running down a bug with Product's event analytics models in the afternoon. In this role you'll be wearing different hats but mostly building out our python ETL processes or writing excellent SQL, so you should be comfortable jumping in and out of projects. What You'll DoYou are passionate about working with data to solve business problems and will build and maintain the infrastructure to answer questions with data.We have a big warehouse with data ranging from Google AdWords to Zuora billing to Product usage. You'll model new constructs and improve existing ones.Help streamline our data science workflows, adding value to our product offering and building out our customer life cycle and and retention models.All of our teams are hungry for insights. You'll work with stakeholders across the company, fielding abstract requests. This may involve pointing someone to the answer, teaching them how to fish, or ticketing a large project for later.What We'd Like to SeeSQL (3 or more years of experience)Python (3 or more years of experience)Data visualization / exploration tools (1 or more years of experience)Communications skills, especially of technical concepts to non-technical business leadersAttention to detailFamiliarity with the AWS ecosystem specifically RedShift and RDSBonus Points ForLooker experienceBuilding or maintaining ETL processesAbility to juggle multiple projectsExperience with GitBenefitsWe provide the essentialsMedical, Dental, and Vision InsuranceFlexible Paid Time Off (PTO)Commuter Benefits401k Match...and the fun-damentals:Catered MealsHappy HoursBeer FridgeStocked Snack ShelfHackathonsStill have energy to burn?Meditation SessionsMassage TherapyStanding DesksShopKeep is an Equal Opportunity Employer"
"3131228758"	"Data Analyst, Business Intelligence"	"SoundCloud Ltd"	2019-02-27	63	100	81	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=103&ao=352789&s=58&guid=00000169493aeef1b774da902a2fec3b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_50c3fde9&cb=1551711793406&jobListingId=3131228758"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	" What's next in music is first on SoundCloud. As the worlds largest open audio platform, SoundCloud is powered by a connected community of creators, listeners and curators who share, discover and influence whats new, now and next in music and audio.  At SoundCloud, as an open platform with millions of creators and listeners and several revenue models, we deal with complex questions everyday. To make better informed business decisions, we are looking for a exceptional Business Intelligence Senior Analyst who combines data science excellence with strong business acumen to distill relevant insight from the SC data asset. The role will be based in SoundCloud's New York Office and will be a core part of the Strategy & Research team.  The Role: You will be an integral part in SoundClouds Business Intelligence function to enable a deeper, data-based understanding of the development, trending and dynamics of the companys Creator and Listener business. You will drive sophistication of data-based decision making within the business units. Your work will directly inform strategic thinking across the company and impact, important short, mid-term decisions at middle and senior leadership level.  As Senior Analyst, Business Intelligence you will: Act as a central expert function at the company by designing and implementing our Creator and Listener analysis and reporting frameworks Contribute as expert to strategic projects alongside Strategy and Business teams. Such contributions may include behavioral analyses, designing, running and analyzing experiments Independently run ad-hoc projects to analyze and understand business implications of proposed decisions Build sustainable cross functional relationships across the organization, especially Creator, Listener, Marketing leads, Data Science/Data Platform and Audience Research Feel comfortable using SQL, and occasionally Python, to access data when conducting analyses and building Tableau dashboards What you'll bring to the team: Degree in quantitative field (strong academic track record preferred) 5+ years of experience in leading tech firms, ideally with streaming, subscription and/or advertising background Exceptional analytical skills paired with excellent business judgement Ability to work with large data sets from multiple data sources with excellent SQL skills and some knowledge of Python Experience with Data Warehouse infrastructure BigQuery and concepts as well designing and deploying ETLs in order to transform big data into meaningful business information Strong sense of urgency, attention to detail paired with hands-on approach; Ability to handle complex situations with clarity and confidence and thorough analysis (you do the work!) Strong resiliency and ambition to get things done despite an often-changing market and competitive situation Strong communication/presentation skills with a track record of presenting complex analysis to senior management Excellent ability to build relationships and networks with multiple functions, regions, and at all levels of the organization Excellent stakeholder management skills with both technical and business audiences Must strive to deliver excellent work quality If this sounds like you, then we look forward to reviewing your application.  Diversity at SoundCloud SoundCloud is for everyone. Diversity and open expression are fundamental to our organization they help us build a social platform and global community where anyone can create, discover, and share sounds. We acknowledge the challenges in our industry and strive to develop an inclusive culture where everyone can contribute."
"3131228758"	"Data Analyst, Business Intelligence"	"SoundCloud Ltd"	2019-02-27	63	100	81	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=352789&s=58&guid=00000169493af7b08393f2e14b28ae86&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_3e39274e&cb=1551711795718&jobListingId=3131228758"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	" What's next in music is first on SoundCloud. As the worlds largest open audio platform, SoundCloud is powered by a connected community of creators, listeners and curators who share, discover and influence whats new, now and next in music and audio.  At SoundCloud, as an open platform with millions of creators and listeners and several revenue models, we deal with complex questions everyday. To make better informed business decisions, we are looking for a exceptional Business Intelligence Senior Analyst who combines data science excellence with strong business acumen to distill relevant insight from the SC data asset. The role will be based in SoundCloud's New York Office and will be a core part of the Strategy & Research team.  The Role: You will be an integral part in SoundClouds Business Intelligence function to enable a deeper, data-based understanding of the development, trending and dynamics of the companys Creator and Listener business. You will drive sophistication of data-based decision making within the business units. Your work will directly inform strategic thinking across the company and impact, important short, mid-term decisions at middle and senior leadership level.  As Senior Analyst, Business Intelligence you will: Act as a central expert function at the company by designing and implementing our Creator and Listener analysis and reporting frameworks Contribute as expert to strategic projects alongside Strategy and Business teams. Such contributions may include behavioral analyses, designing, running and analyzing experiments Independently run ad-hoc projects to analyze and understand business implications of proposed decisions Build sustainable cross functional relationships across the organization, especially Creator, Listener, Marketing leads, Data Science/Data Platform and Audience Research Feel comfortable using SQL, and occasionally Python, to access data when conducting analyses and building Tableau dashboards What you'll bring to the team: Degree in quantitative field (strong academic track record preferred) 5+ years of experience in leading tech firms, ideally with streaming, subscription and/or advertising background Exceptional analytical skills paired with excellent business judgement Ability to work with large data sets from multiple data sources with excellent SQL skills and some knowledge of Python Experience with Data Warehouse infrastructure BigQuery and concepts as well designing and deploying ETLs in order to transform big data into meaningful business information Strong sense of urgency, attention to detail paired with hands-on approach; Ability to handle complex situations with clarity and confidence and thorough analysis (you do the work!) Strong resiliency and ambition to get things done despite an often-changing market and competitive situation Strong communication/presentation skills with a track record of presenting complex analysis to senior management Excellent ability to build relationships and networks with multiple functions, regions, and at all levels of the organization Excellent stakeholder management skills with both technical and business audiences Must strive to deliver excellent work quality If this sounds like you, then we look forward to reviewing your application.  Diversity at SoundCloud SoundCloud is for everyone. Diversity and open expression are fundamental to our organization they help us build a social platform and global community where anyone can create, discover, and share sounds. We acknowledge the challenges in our industry and strive to develop an inclusive culture where everyone can contribute."
"3131228758"	"Data Analyst, Business Intelligence"	"SoundCloud Ltd"	2019-02-27	63	100	81	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=103&ao=352789&s=58&guid=00000169493aeef1b774da902a2fec3b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_50c3fde9&cb=1551711793406&jobListingId=3131228758"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	" What's next in music is first on SoundCloud. As the worlds largest open audio platform, SoundCloud is powered by a connected community of creators, listeners and curators who share, discover and influence whats new, now and next in music and audio.  At SoundCloud, as an open platform with millions of creators and listeners and several revenue models, we deal with complex questions everyday. To make better informed business decisions, we are looking for a exceptional Business Intelligence Senior Analyst who combines data science excellence with strong business acumen to distill relevant insight from the SC data asset. The role will be based in SoundCloud's New York Office and will be a core part of the Strategy & Research team.  The Role: You will be an integral part in SoundClouds Business Intelligence function to enable a deeper, data-based understanding of the development, trending and dynamics of the companys Creator and Listener business. You will drive sophistication of data-based decision making within the business units. Your work will directly inform strategic thinking across the company and impact, important short, mid-term decisions at middle and senior leadership level.  As Senior Analyst, Business Intelligence you will: Act as a central expert function at the company by designing and implementing our Creator and Listener analysis and reporting frameworks Contribute as expert to strategic projects alongside Strategy and Business teams. Such contributions may include behavioral analyses, designing, running and analyzing experiments Independently run ad-hoc projects to analyze and understand business implications of proposed decisions Build sustainable cross functional relationships across the organization, especially Creator, Listener, Marketing leads, Data Science/Data Platform and Audience Research Feel comfortable using SQL, and occasionally Python, to access data when conducting analyses and building Tableau dashboards What you'll bring to the team: Degree in quantitative field (strong academic track record preferred) 5+ years of experience in leading tech firms, ideally with streaming, subscription and/or advertising background Exceptional analytical skills paired with excellent business judgement Ability to work with large data sets from multiple data sources with excellent SQL skills and some knowledge of Python Experience with Data Warehouse infrastructure BigQuery and concepts as well designing and deploying ETLs in order to transform big data into meaningful business information Strong sense of urgency, attention to detail paired with hands-on approach; Ability to handle complex situations with clarity and confidence and thorough analysis (you do the work!) Strong resiliency and ambition to get things done despite an often-changing market and competitive situation Strong communication/presentation skills with a track record of presenting complex analysis to senior management Excellent ability to build relationships and networks with multiple functions, regions, and at all levels of the organization Excellent stakeholder management skills with both technical and business audiences Must strive to deliver excellent work quality If this sounds like you, then we look forward to reviewing your application.  Diversity at SoundCloud SoundCloud is for everyone. Diversity and open expression are fundamental to our organization they help us build a social platform and global community where anyone can create, discover, and share sounds. We acknowledge the challenges in our industry and strive to develop an inclusive culture where everyone can contribute."
"3131228758"	"Data Analyst, Business Intelligence"	"SoundCloud Ltd"	2019-02-27	63	100	81	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=352789&s=58&guid=00000169493af7b08393f2e14b28ae86&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_3e39274e&cb=1551711795718&jobListingId=3131228758"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	" What's next in music is first on SoundCloud. As the worlds largest open audio platform, SoundCloud is powered by a connected community of creators, listeners and curators who share, discover and influence whats new, now and next in music and audio.  At SoundCloud, as an open platform with millions of creators and listeners and several revenue models, we deal with complex questions everyday. To make better informed business decisions, we are looking for a exceptional Business Intelligence Senior Analyst who combines data science excellence with strong business acumen to distill relevant insight from the SC data asset. The role will be based in SoundCloud's New York Office and will be a core part of the Strategy & Research team.  The Role: You will be an integral part in SoundClouds Business Intelligence function to enable a deeper, data-based understanding of the development, trending and dynamics of the companys Creator and Listener business. You will drive sophistication of data-based decision making within the business units. Your work will directly inform strategic thinking across the company and impact, important short, mid-term decisions at middle and senior leadership level.  As Senior Analyst, Business Intelligence you will: Act as a central expert function at the company by designing and implementing our Creator and Listener analysis and reporting frameworks Contribute as expert to strategic projects alongside Strategy and Business teams. Such contributions may include behavioral analyses, designing, running and analyzing experiments Independently run ad-hoc projects to analyze and understand business implications of proposed decisions Build sustainable cross functional relationships across the organization, especially Creator, Listener, Marketing leads, Data Science/Data Platform and Audience Research Feel comfortable using SQL, and occasionally Python, to access data when conducting analyses and building Tableau dashboards What you'll bring to the team: Degree in quantitative field (strong academic track record preferred) 5+ years of experience in leading tech firms, ideally with streaming, subscription and/or advertising background Exceptional analytical skills paired with excellent business judgement Ability to work with large data sets from multiple data sources with excellent SQL skills and some knowledge of Python Experience with Data Warehouse infrastructure BigQuery and concepts as well designing and deploying ETLs in order to transform big data into meaningful business information Strong sense of urgency, attention to detail paired with hands-on approach; Ability to handle complex situations with clarity and confidence and thorough analysis (you do the work!) Strong resiliency and ambition to get things done despite an often-changing market and competitive situation Strong communication/presentation skills with a track record of presenting complex analysis to senior management Excellent ability to build relationships and networks with multiple functions, regions, and at all levels of the organization Excellent stakeholder management skills with both technical and business audiences Must strive to deliver excellent work quality If this sounds like you, then we look forward to reviewing your application.  Diversity at SoundCloud SoundCloud is for everyone. Diversity and open expression are fundamental to our organization they help us build a social platform and global community where anyone can create, discover, and share sounds. We acknowledge the challenges in our industry and strive to develop an inclusive culture where everyone can contribute."
"2940617392"	"Senior Data Integrity Analyst"	"Squarespace"	2019-02-28	71	114	93	3.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=125&ao=454570&s=58&guid=00000169493aeef1b774da902a2fec3b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_65b545db&cb=1551711793407&jobListingId=2940617392"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	"Senior Data Integrity Analyst Squarespace is looking for Senior Data Integrity Analyst to join the newly created Data Integrity organization. As a member of this new organization you will be engaging with business and technology SMEs in creating and executing procedures leading to improving our overall data handling and assuring that data is fit for purpose. In your day-to-day, you'll be working closely with data engineers and data scientists, as well as Finance and Compliance, Marketing and Product Leads.  You'll be reporting to Data Integrity Lead. Position is located in New York City. RESPONSIBILITIESLead creation and management of company wide Data DictionaryIdentify and train business and technical partners: Data Owners and StewardsAnalyze data related business and technical needs, elicit and document requirements related to data integration from source systems to target data warehouse capabilities (i.e. ETL tools, ODS, EDW, etc.), data marts, data analytics tools and information delivery solutionsDocument business and technical requirements related to data mapping and ETL requirements and related data lineage and requirements traceabilityDefine test cases and scripts that correspond to business requirements along with test planning and execution supportPartner with the Data Architect, responsible for building a formal description of the data and data structures, including data definitions, data models, data flow diagramsDevelop and enforce methods and validation mechanisms for ensuring data qualityIdentify causes of poor data quality, implement solutions and communicate findings.Identify and ensure the resolution of data quality issues, such as uniqueness, consistency, and completeness in a cost-effective and timely fashion.QUALIFICATIONSRelevant experience as a business analyst for technical projectsHands-on Data Analysis skills using SQL.Understanding of business intelligence / data warehousing technologiesPreferably strong knowledge data models/modeling and ability to apply models to newly developed data warehouse and related tools and processesExcellent verbal and written communication skills, capable of presenting complex issues in a clear, concise and persuasive manner to business and technical professionals.PERKSHealth insurance with 100% premium coveredFlexible vacation & paid time offUp to 18 weeks of parental leaveEquity plan401(k) plan with employer matchFree lunch and snacksSquarespace sends engineers to speak at and attend the most relevant and impactful conferences throughout the yearDog-friendly workplaceEducation reimbursementABOUT SQUARESPACE Squarespace makes beautiful products to help people with creative ideas succeed. By blending elegant design and sophisticated engineering, we empower millions of people from individuals and local artists to entrepreneurs shaping the world's most iconic businesses to share their stories with the world. Squarespace's team of more than 800 is headquartered in downtown New York City, with offices in Dublin and Portland. For more information, visit www.squarespace.com/about. Today, more than a million people around the globe use Squarespace to share different perspectives and experiences with the world. Not only do we embrace and celebrate the diversity of our customer base, but we also strive for the same in our employees. At Squarespace, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace."
"3103591265"	"Data Analytics, Reporting and BI Analyst"	"Walt Disney Company"	2019-03-02	76	103	88	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=124&ao=37049&s=58&guid=00000169493aeef1b774da902a2fec3b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_5dbf3f0a&cb=1551711793407&jobListingId=3103591265"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	" We are seeking a Data Analyst who will partner with business and operating teams who will focus on reporting to monitor key performance indicators and metrics. Collaborating across disciplines, you will design and implement reporting that enables internal clients to access, explore and monitor their data.Responsibilities :Partner with colleagues facilitating the design, build and automation of reports / dashboards that provide insight into customer conversion and behavior.  Partner with cross-functional colleagues to identify and report on short-term and long-term performance.  Implementing self-service tools used to access disparate data sources (both legacy and cloud-based).  Train and support colleagues in the use of self-service data exploration and visualization tools.  Analyze variability from trends; exploring data and communicating findings to influence acquisition and retention strategies.  Perform ad hoc analysis as necessary.  Instigate process change to evolve our subscriber reporting with the growing needs of the subscription business.Basic Qualifications :2+ years of relevant experience (1 year work experience implementing and reporting on business key performance indicators and 1 year work experience using SQL is required)  Strong analytic SQL skills and experience working with traditional relational databases and/or NoSQL databases such as Hadoop / Hive, BigQuery, Redshift.  Additional programming languages (e.g. Python, R) preferred.  Familiarity with data exploration / data visualization tools like Tableau, Chartio, etc.  Ability to think strategically, analyze and interpret market and consumer information.  Strong communication skills written and verbal presentations.  Excellent conceptual and analytical reasoning competencies.  Comfortable working in a fast-paced and highly collaborative environment.Required Education :BS DegreePreferred Education :Degree in an analytical field such as economics, mathematics, or computer science is desired."
"3129732418"	"Business Intelligence Developer - West Elm"	"Williams-Sonoma Inc."	2019-02-26	69	100	81	2.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=55938&s=58&guid=00000169493af7b08393f2e14b28ae86&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_0ea94722&cb=1551711795718&jobListingId=3129732418"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	"Requisition Number: WE-14779  Area of Interest: Information Technology  Organization: Corporate  Brand/Division: West Elm  Position Type: Full-time JOB DESCRIPTIONWho we are: Born in Brooklyn. At home in the world. west elm has been helping customers express their personal style at home since the launch of our first catalog in 2002. Our home base is nestled down under the Manhattan Bridge in the DUMBO neighborhood of Brooklyn, NY, right above our flagship store. We are a dynamic, fast-paced brand with an exciting growth strategy. We value imagination, diversity and giving people the opportunity to explore, grow and shape our future. We look for innovative, smart and hard-working individuals who enjoy creative thinking and ingenuity. Help us carry out our mission of being a source of inspiration to our customers, creating a global community and tirelessly seeking ways to evolve our brand.  The Supply Chain Optimization team is responsible for the planning of strategic and operational initiatives to drive sales, inventory, and profit objectives. Operating efficient business processes allows our brand flexibility to continue to be an innovator in the field and create new opportunities for the brand and individuals to grow, as well as create customer satisfaction.  The BI Developer impacts the organization by creating and maintaining the foundational data and business reporting to support the analysis of inventory, sales, margin, and profitability data. This role is a key player in ensuring system structure and operations are efficient and timely and users have visibility to business trends. The ideal candidate will align with the brand by bringing creative thinking and innovation to help drive profitable business decisions. As west elm grows and expands in new marketplaces and broadens its footprint, the planning and execution of efficient operational strategies is crucial to maintaining market leadership and customer satisfaction. Essential Functions:Develop and maintain technology systems, platforms, or tools needed to support data and reportingOversee the planning and execution of data discovery, extraction, transformation, storage, validation and testingDesign, execute, and schedule queries or transformations to support reporting and dashboard needsReview systems and propose solutions to create more efficient or productive processes that support end user needsCreate and maintain documentation of data and reporting process, data structure, and project updatesPartner with technology, supply chain, inventory, and finance teams and participate in solution design sessions You... Love to work collaboratively in a group, you have an innate willingness to dig in and contribute with your teamAre driven and motivated by the possibilities aheadThink innovation is critical in a business environment and support others in creative thinkingPride yourself on the quality of work and are a stickler for the detailsNaturally challenge yourself and others to growREQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONSQualifications:2+ years of relevant systems development or analysis experienceKnowledge of T-SQL, PL/SQL, Teradata SQL, and DB2Experience with QlikView or QlikSense preferredVBA, R, Python knowledge is a plusTime management and communication skillsProficient in Excel and Microsoft SuiteComputer Science or Information Technology degree preferredBenefits: We offer an extensive benefits package designed to help you grow, personally and professionally, to care for your family and to build a secure future. Depending on your position and your location, here's a look at what you might be eligible for: Competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance; tax-free spending accounts; same-sex domestic partner benefits; commuter benefits; and moreA 401(k) plan and other investment opportunitiesPaid vacations, holidays and other time-off programsA generous discount on all Williams Sonoma Inc. brands through multiple shopping channelsCross-brand and cross-function career opportunitiesDiscounts on nearby gyms and other local businesses This position is not eligible for visa sponsorship.  This role is not eligible for relocation assistance.  Williams-Sonoma, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  Williams-Sonoma, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  Williams-Sonoma, Inc. will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, or other applicable state or local laws and ordinances."
"3135978100"	"Business Operations & Strategy Associate"	"Zocdoc"	2019-03-02	59	100	76	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=8095&s=58&guid=00000169493af7b08393f2e14b28ae86&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_f3fc1c55&cb=1551711795718&jobListingId=3135978100"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	" Join Zocdoc as a Business Operations and Strategy Associate! In this crucial role, you will provide analytical and operational support to teams across our business to drive growth and improve efficiency. Our team plays a key role in defining Zocdoc's strategy, but our strength is transforming that strategy into a detailed, action-oriented plan upon which our business can execute. Our business is expanding quickly, and we're looking for future leaders.  Business Operations & Strategy Associates typically act as the primary owner of multiple strategic workstreams and/or functions, as well as own and enhance advanced operational processes and analyses. What You'll Do:Problem-solving with individuals at all levels (including executives) across a broad range of departments (e.g., Sales, Marketing, Product, Engineering, Operations, Business Intelligence, Data Science, and Finance)Project management of critical initiativesAnalyzing and cleaning data to develop KPIs, visualizations, and insights which allow us to better target resource investmentsRevenue forecasting and budgeting for Sales teamsDesigning, implementing, and administering incentive structures for Sales teamsBuilding initiatives to improve productivity like pipeline visibility and insights, go-to-market solutioning, and streamlining/simplifying processes and policiesWhat's required:5-7 years of work experience in relevant roles such as business/revenue/sales operations, business intelligence, business analytics, consulting, private equity, venture capital, or investment bankingExtensive experience with and enthusiasm for analytical problem solving Examples include: Market sizing, capacity planning, financial forecasting, pricing sensitivity, survey analysis, inventory management, supply/demand, cost/benefitResourcefulness, nimbleness, and the ability to stay positive under pressureStrong attention to detailAction-oriented attitudeAble to bring structure to ambiguous problemsProven track record of influencing stakeholders, both directly and indirectlyPassion for technology and improving patients' livesProficiency in Microsoft Excel and PowerPointSQL, Redshift, Tableau, Looker, and/or Salesforce.com experience preferredExperience defining business requirements for new processes or tools preferred"
"3130795938"	"Senior Business Intelligence Analyst"	"ZocDoc"	2019-02-27	89	121	104	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=124&ao=4120&s=58&guid=00000169493af7b08393f2e14b28ae86&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_42455eea&cb=1551711795718&jobListingId=3130795938"	2019-03-04 10:03:53	" Zocdoc is seeking an ambitious, detail-oriented individual to work with our Business Intelligence and Product Management teams. You will be responsible for partnering closely with our Product Management teams to define, execute and manage that team's data and analytics strategy. You will use a scientific approach to help teams identify what aspects of their business lines are most important, and how to improve them. This job will not only entail reporting and analysis, but also data-pipeline development and maintenance. What You'll DoCollaborate with business partners to drive their data strategy, which includes; managing KPIs and funnel metrics with associated reporting; deep dive analysis to perform root cause investigations and opportunity sizing; AB test support.Write queries and code to extract relevant data from various platforms.Collaborate with other analysts to maintain our dashboards, ensuring they are up-to-date, accurate, and fair representations of product performance.Automate and streamline existing analytics processes to maximize efficiency.Help ensure that data is accurate and consistent throughout the organization.Train teams how to leverage our data tools and assess whether their conclusions are valid.Work with engineering teams in tracking events that are critical to measuring company performance.Clearly communicate your findings to a range of stakeholders to inform and educate themWhat's Required3+ years experience working with large data sets to extract and surface actionable findings.Degree in engineering, science, statistics, economics, finance or related technical field.Experience communicating to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.Proven track record of forming and executing on high-level business strategy.Advanced Excel skills including pivot tables, macros, charts, functions, and VBA modeling.Proficiency with SQL.Experience with data modeling in Tableau, Looker or data visualization tool.Experience with a Customer Data Platform tool is a plus (mParticle, Segment).Knowledge of Spark or Hive is a plus.MBA is a plus.Experience with Python or R a plus.Experience in Marketing and/or Ad Tech a plus."
