"jobListingId"	"title"	"company"	"last_updated"	"salary_min_est"	"salary_max_est"	"salary_est"	"review"	"url"	"run_time"	"description"
"3091417260"	"Director of Product Strategy"	"AbleTo"	2019-01-19	87	123	104	3.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=117&ao=429255&s=58&guid=00000168765d8b62bd012df5a51357b7&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_51f5cfa3&cb=1548174069203&jobListingId=3091417260"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	" AbleTo, Inc. is a market leader in providing technology-enabled behavioral health care. AbleTo has been treating patients for over six years, and improves patient outcomes and lowers costs by providing treatment that integrates behavioral and medical health care. AbleTo's structured therapy programs strengthen medical recovery and self-care among members with chronic or complex clinical needs. AbleTo analytics, coupled with our multi-channel engagement platform, identify and engage members with unmet, often undiagnosed, behavioral health needs. A proprietary platform connects individuals and their care teams with AbleTo licensed providers who deliver weekly sessions by phone or video supported by an integrated digital experience. AbleTo programs are clinically proven to improve both behavioral health and medical outcomes while lowering overall spending for higher-cost, higher-risk members.As a Director of Product Strategy at AbleTo you will:Research into new business opportunities (new markets, new product line extensions); ideate and validate product solutionsWrite high level opportunity briefs and business requirements for new strategic products; present product concepts to leadership teamConduct discovery and stakeholder alignment for strategic initiativesDocument and prioritize long term capability needs, abstracting from the product roadmap, in coordinating with product management and software architecture teamsEstablish success metrics for strategic initiatives. Part of this role is to be a business analytics expert with deep ties into the analytics team. You will at times design measurement approaches and assist with analysis and recommendations/interpretation in collaboration with the business intelligence and product management teamsAnalyse work-effort for cross-team initiatives (product, engineering, sales, marketing, operations) focused on business/product efficiency (build/buy/lease for instance)Successfully handoff to product management and provide ongoing support where needed (coordination, research, alignment, measurement)Contribute to the strategic approach to third-party tools including needs assessment and contract management with third-parties (in coordination with product management, engineering and legal)Bachelors required, MBA preferred; or commensurate experience8+ years experience in product management, product leadership and/or strategic planningHealthcare industry experience preferred, especially related to consumer/provider entworksAbleTo is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.AbleTo is an E-Verify company.Upon the acceptance of an offer to enter into this agreement, AbleTo requires the satisfactory completion of reference and background checks and successful completion of drug testing in accordance with local, state and federal laws."
"3005917854"	"Manager, Business Intelligence"	"AbleTo"	2019-01-20	88	122	105	3.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=429252&s=149&guid=00000168765d8b62be507a47dc90206c&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_2a84f882&cb=1548174069169&jobListingId=3005917854"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	" AbleTo, Inc. is a market leader in providing technology-enabled behavioral health care. AbleTo has been treating patients for over six years, and improves patient outcomes and lowers costs by providing treatment that integrates behavioral and medical health care. AbleTo's structured therapy programs strengthen medical recovery and self-care among members with chronic or complex clinical needs. AbleTo analytics, coupled with our multi-channel engagement platform, identify and engage members with unmet, often undiagnosed, behavioral health needs. A proprietary platform connects individuals and their care teams with AbleTo licensed providers who deliver weekly sessions by phone or video supported by an integrated digital experience. AbleTo programs are clinically proven to improve both behavioral health and medical outcomes while lowering overall spending for higher-cost, higher-risk members.  The business intelligence team plays a key role at AbleTo, as data is integral to nearly everything that we do. The manager will bring technical leadership to the team, ensure that we are implementing business intelligence best practices at AbleTo, and act as the face of BI to various internal departments. They will also partner cross functionally with department owners to identify and prioritize opportunities to inject analytics and use of data to improve performance.  Technical Leadership Work in a uniquely cross-functional capacity, helping teams across the organization apply analytical rigor to their decision-makingManage inbound reporting requests – must be highly organized and able to manage time across multiple competing prioritiesServe as a technical thought leader to the business intelligence teamDrive the continuous improvement of team’s capabilities & tools Stakeholder Management Prioritize business intelligence projects based on company objectivesOwn, present and explain findings to various stakeholders across the companyBS in Computer Science, Mathematics, Operations Research, or other related disciplineExperience in Healthcare industry preferred4+ years relevant work experience Competencies: Strong proficiency with SQLStrong familiarity with BI tools such as Looker (preferred) or TableauExperience working on GCP and/or AWS platforms is a plusExperience with Python is a plusAbleTo is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.AbleTo is an E-Verify company.Upon the acceptance of an offer to enter into this agreement, AbleTo requires the satisfactory completion of reference and background checks and successful completion of drug testing in accordance with local, state and federal laws."
"3089407629"	"Sr. Data Analyst"	"adMarketplace"	2019-01-17	86	116	100	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=414473&s=149&guid=00000168765d8552a86f7953e5bc4a97&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_28b88d9c&cb=1548174067763&jobListingId=3089407629"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	" Data Analyst, Sr. – NYC - Fully handle PubSmart opns, incl. analyzing qualified traffic sources, automating manual processes & monitoring traffic perf. Dsgn & create analytic repts/dashboards for biz & tech users. Improve efficiency of dif jobs based on biz reqs. Perf data validation during ad engine releases. Rsrch on data sci. methods to improve or dsgn new algos. REQ: Master’s Bus. Analytics, Mktg or related + min 1 yr related exp. Resume: adMarketplace, 1385 Broadway, 19th Fl, New York, NY 10018"
"3064727332"	"Business Intelligence Engineer"	"Amazon"	2019-01-16	69	101	86	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=122&ao=133043&s=58&guid=00000168765d8b62bd012df5a51357b7&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_5afe78b5&cb=1548174069203&jobListingId=3064727332"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	" Do you enjoy working in an entrepreneurial environment delivering innovative solutions? Are you excited about bringing science to the art of new products?  Amazons video advertisement is looking for a passionate, insightful, results-oriented business intelligence engineer to help manage our ever-growing information needs and support analysis of increasingly complex business questions. Were a V1 startup that leverages interactive streaming video to create new shopping experiences for customers. Our team is launching a new program that enables brands to connect with customers in relevant and engaging ways in advertising their products.  As a Business Intelligence Engineer, you will focus on building a scalable BIE platform, the development of reporting, analytics and decision support that would help shape our business and product features. You should have excellent technical, business and communication skills to be able to work with business partners and development teams to define and prioritize key business questions, data sets and analysis that answer those questions. Responsibilities: · Interfacing with business groups to gather data and metrics requirements.  · Translate analytic insights into concrete, actionable recommendations for business or product improvement  · Identifying data needs and driving data quality improvement projects.  · Collaborating with engineers to implement the design of the data architecture.  · Supporting strategic data analysis requests. Basic Qualifications · Bachelor's degree or higher in an analytical area such as Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering or similar.  · 5+ years of experience as a BI Engineer, Business/Financial Analyst or Systems Analyst preferably in an internet-based company with large, complex data sources, or in an analysis or research role with progressively increasing responsibility.  · Proficient in using SQL, ETL, Data Warehouse solutions and databases in a business environment with large-scale, complex datasets.  · Proven analytical and quantitative skills and an ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions, develop business cases, and complete root cause analyses.  · Strong verbal/written communication and data presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams."
"3005260788"	"Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Assembly"	2019-01-19	76	103	87	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=114&ao=4341&s=58&guid=00000168765d8b62bd012df5a51357b7&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_3d73e85b&cb=1548174069203&jobListingId=3005260788"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	"Summary Data drives strategy. Assemblys Data Science & Analytics practice helps internal and client stakeholders take a scientific approach towards optimizing critical business and marketing decisions. Our forward-thinking in Data Science & Analytics is a key differentiator that has contributed to Assemblys recognition as Ad Ages 2018 Media Agency of the Year.  This position is for self-starters who believe that data should drive insights. They can change perceptions through data and will be responsible for measuring and communicating the effectiveness of media to internal and external stakeholders. Job Requirements2+ years of experience in an analytical roleDesign & execute analytical reporting dashboards to improve the effectiveness of digital online and offline marketing programs. Recommend appropriate analytic methodologies and approaches. Be a subject matter expert for analytics and techniques, including A/B testingDesign and enhance media planning optimization reports across channels such as Programmatic, Social, and TV platforms using TableauDevelop visualizations in Excel and PowerPoint to illustrate campaign performance dataPartner with internal channel & planning teams to develop monthly and quarterly reports, trends, insights, and recommendationsAssist with the development of a measurement and learning plan including establishing campaign performance benchmarks, goals, and projectionsDevise Ad Hoc analyses including but not limited to: ROI analysis, Churn Analysis, Reach/Frequency Analysis, TV Attribution, Audience SegmentationCollaborate with Data Engineering in data management efforts; project manage the ingestion of 3rd party data sourcesCoordinate with Ad Operations to implement and QA measurement and trackingAutomate data pulls from the internal data warehouse to front-end dashboardsExcellent communications skills. Strong presentation skillsTechnical SkillsProficiency in data visualization software (eg. Tableau) and querying languages like SQLAbility to QA and troubleshoot dataFamiliarity with programming languages like Python and RFamiliarity with media measurement and the digital marketing ecosystemStrong analytical skills with a solid foundation in statistical techniquesA desire to look at the bigger picture and translate data into strategy"
"3090709147"	"Business Analyst"	"Axtria"	2019-01-18	77	116	96	3.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=109&ao=359595&s=58&guid=00000168765d85528217397f746e0884&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_94841a7e&cb=1548174067797&jobListingId=3090709147"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	"IntroductionAxtria is a global big data analytics company. We empower leaders across the Life Sciences and Financial Services industries to make better data-driven decisions.Our data analytics and software platforms support data science, commercial operations and cloud information management. We help to optimize business strategy by delivering cutting edge analytics from the broadest set of data sources, combined with deep technical and domain expertise. We enable commercial excellence by eliminating spreadsheets and delivering analytical guidance to the field through Axtria SalesIQ™, our cloud based sales planning and operations platform. We are leaders in managing data using the latest cloud information management and big data technologies.We have more than 900 employees worldwide, we are growing rapidly, and we are proud to count 8 of the top 10 global Life Sciences companies and 2 of the Top 5 global banks as our customers. We serve clients with a high-touch on-site and onshore presence, leveraged by a global delivery platformResponsibilities:Elicit requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, business analysis, task and workflow analysis.Critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, abstract up from low-level information to a general understanding, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs.Proactively communicate and collaborate with external and internal customers to analyze information needs and functional requirements and deliver the following artifacts as needed: (Functional requirements (Business Requirements Document), Use Cases, GUI, Screen and Interface designs)Experience in using enterprise-wide requirements definition and management systems and methodologies required.Successfully engage in multiple initiatives simultaneouslyWork independently with users to define concepts and under direction of project managersDrive and challenge business units on their assumptions of how they will successfully execute their plansStrong analytical and project management skills required, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret customer business needs and translate them into application and operational requirements.Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group, executives, managers, and subject matter experts.Serves as the conduit between the customer community (internal and external customers) and the software development team through which requirements flow.Develop requirements specifications according to standard templates, using natural language.Collaborate with developers and subject matter experts to establish the technical vision and analyze tradeoffs between usability and performance needs.Be the liaison between the business units, technology teams and support teamsRequired Skills & ExperienceBachelor's degree preferred.5+ years analyst experience preferred.Working knowledge of business processes, system development and process improvements.Proficient in gathering business requirements using process flows and use cases.Expertise in mapping as-is and to-be business processes.Understanding of technology capabilities and limitations.Experience in creating dashboards/reports for various stakeholders in pharma – Field reps, Field management, managed markets etc.Familiarity with KPIs for pharma sales and marketingExperience with Pharma commercial data like Sales, Claims, Payers, Specialty pharmacyUnderstanding of Pharma commercial operations concepts like alignments, targeting, reporting, incentivesExperience designing and reviewing test cases.Excellent verbal and written communication skills.Logistics and Location:We are hiring for Chicago, ILU.S. Citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply.Flexibility to travel and/or relocate within the US as per project requirements The exact nature of duties as well as the salary and compensation package will be commensurate with experience and salary history"
"3088017869"	"Data Analytics - Analyst"	"Barclays"	2019-01-16	85	134	108	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=103&ao=352789&s=58&guid=00000168765d85528217397f746e0884&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_90e575f9&cb=1548174067797&jobListingId=3088017869"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	"Description JobTitle: Data Analytics Analyst - 90218326 AboutUs Barclaysis a transatlantic consumer, corporate and investment bank offering productsand services across personal, corporate and investment banking, credit cardsand wealth management, with a strong presence in our two home markets of the UKand the US. Our goal is to become the bank of choice by providing superiorservices to customers and clients and supporting our stakeholders via acommercially successful business that generates long-term sustainable returns.  About Barclays in the US  Barclays offers corporateand investment banking and credit card services in the US. Our 10,000 UScolleagues are located in offices across the country, with headquarters in NewYork City. In 2017, Barclays announced plans to create a world-class campus inWhippany, New Jersey, for our Technology, Operations and Functional teams inthe US. Other principal locations include Delaware, Nevada, Ohio and Maine.  About Barclays Internal Audit  Barclays Internal Audit(BIA) Vision: Leaders in Assurance  ·BeBrilliant: Leading edge assurance; Leading edge people; Leading edge thinking  ·BeImpactful: In the business; In the community and In the profession  ·BeAgile: Be independent, a respected voice, innovative and efficient.  BIAOverview:BIA aims to provideindependent, reliable, valued, insightful and timely assurance to the Board andexecutive management over the effectiveness of governance, risk management andcontrol over current and evolving risks, in the context of the current andexpected business environment and in accordance with the internationalstandards definition of internal auditing.  Overall Purpose of role  Work collaboratively with others acrossBIA, while developing strong client relationships which are independent and beseen as a respected voice.Developpractical and innovative ways of improving audit delivery through the use of dataanalytics.  YourRole ·Developsustainable and re-useable Data Analytics test to improve the efficiency of BIAand to improve audit coverage.  ·Supportaudit delivery teams to identify opportunities for Data Analytics.  ·Providetraining to audit staff on how to develop and execute basic analytics.  ·Maintaina library of re-usable data analytics.  ·Maintainappropriate documentation of code and create data dictionary includingdefinitions (where appropriate).  ·Buildself-service tools/dashboards/warehouse/data lakes. Maintain common data usedby audit delivery teams.  ·Assistwith data cleaning and preparation for audit delivery teams.  BasicQualifications/Skills ·2+years practical experience and expert level knowledge of data analysis withany RDBMS/SQL.  ·1+years Data Analysis/Mining/Scripting experience R/Python/SAS.  ·1+years Data Visualisation experience in PythonDjango/Tableau/Spotfire/Qlikview/d3.js.  PreferredQualifications/Skills ·Experiencewith advanced analytics/Machine learning (DecisionTrees/Clustering/HMM/Tensorflow).  ·Experiencein data warehouse design, Informatica, Unix.  ·Analyticsexperience within an internal/external audit or risk management function.  ·Degreein Computer Science / Statistics or related discipline.  ·Knowledgeabout new and emerging data analytics technologies.  ·Experiencewith Financial Services/Financial Products.  Risk andControl Objective All Barclayscolleagues have to ensure that all activities and duties are carried out infull compliance with regulatory requirements, Enterprise Wide Risk ManagementFramework and internal Barclays Policies and Policy Standards."
"3090172800"	"Data Scientist, Analytics"	"DoorDash"	2019-01-18	82	118	98	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=399476&s=58&guid=00000168765d85528217397f746e0884&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_dfb0551a&cb=1548174067797&jobListingId=3090172800"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	"The Analytics team is looking for Data Scientists to drive measurement, strategy, and tactical decision-making across the company. You'll be solving problems that range from customer acquisition to balancing supply and demand to new city launches to marketplace efficiency. You'll be designing and analyzing A/B tests for new product features, generating and sizing opportunities to prioritize new initiatives, and defining key performance metrics for the team. Data Scientists at DoorDash work cross-functionally to uncover insights and turn them into actionable recommendations. The ideal candidate will have a background in a quantitative or technical field, will have experience working with large data sets, and will have some experience in data-driven decision making. You will be a great fit if you have a strong bias towards action, enjoy finding patterns amidst chaos, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive business impact. We're looking for someone who has the technical skills to surface insights quickly, and the interpersonal skills to communicate those insights in a way that persuades action. What you'll doUse quantitative analysis and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand what drives our businessProvide insights to help business and product leaders understand marketplace dynamics, user behaviors, and long-term trendsIdentify and quantify levers to help move key metricsRecommend which features to build and whyWork backwards from understanding and sizing problems to ideating solutionsGenerate recommendations and use statistical techniques and hypothesis testing to validate your findings. This includes:Performing analytical deep-dives to identify problems, opportunities and actions required;Collecting, processing, and cleaning data from disparate sources using SQL, R, Python, or other scripting and statistical tools; andManaging the design, execution, and analysis of experiments; driving rigor and testing culture through product and operations teamsReport against company initiatives by identifying key metrics and building executive-facing dashboards to track progressMonitor key performance metrics, understanding root causes of changesBuild data sets and reporting tables to empower operational and exploratory analysisPartner with engineering to implement, document, validate, and monitor our loggingAbout you2-5 years of experience in a data analytics, consulting, or other quantitative roleExamples of relevant experience include: Funnel optimization, user segmentation, cohort analyses, time series analyses, regression models, etc.Experience with analyzing both client side and server side tracking a plusAn ability to write very complex SQL queries. ETL experience a plusProficiency in one or more analytics & visualization tools (e.g. Chartio, Looker, Tableau)A deep understanding of statistical analysis (e.g. hypothesis testing, experimentation, regressions) and familiarity with statistical packages, such as Matlab, R, SAS or PythonStrong business judgment. You've got the ability to take ambiguous problems and solve them in a structured, hypothesis-driven, data-supported waySelf-starter attitude. You're someone who can initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidanceGet-it-done mindset. You're not afraid of long hours, able to handle stress well, humble and scrappy!A degree in Math, Physics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, or other quantitative fieldAbout us Founded in 2013, DoorDash is a San Francisco-based technology company passionate about transforming local businesses and dedicated to enabling new ways of working, earning, and living. Today, DoorDash connects customers with their favorite local and national restaurants in more than 1,000 cities across the United States and Canada. By building intelligent, last-mile delivery technology for local cities, DoorDash aims to connect people with the things they care about one dash at a time."
"3032700679"	"Director, Marketing Analytics"	"FanDuel"	2019-01-17	135	197	167	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=119&ao=352918&s=58&guid=00000168765d8b62bd012df5a51357b7&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_b7fd2fa2&cb=1548174069203&jobListingId=3032700679"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	" FanDuel is the pioneer of online daily fantasy sports, one of the fastest growing sectors of the sports and entertainment industry. Since our launch in 2009, we've been disrupting the fantasy sports industry and changing the way millions of people experience sports. About the role We are looking for a leader to take holistic ownership of FanDuel's marketing analytics program. Owning all digital behavior, enterprise performance and qualitative analytics this role is responsible reporting, analysis and insight generation across core business functions - user growth, retention, engagement, reactivation, and lifetime valuation. Managing a team of dedicated marketing analysts, this role will be expected to mature our understanding of marketing performance and business operations via direct contribution and personnel development.  This is a highly visible leadership role that will participate in enterprise strategic planning alongside senior leadership. What you'll doEvolve the sophistication of our customer acquisition analytics, moving from last-click and channel-centric attribution to a multi-touch and fractional modelPartner with our media team to mature our media measurement practice from CPA-centric performance management to a comprehensive ROAS view of our advertising spendCreate and continuously optimize a holistic customer lifecycle view of our users, driving accretive value via marketing program optimizations and cohort analysisWork with decision-makers across the company to understand their goals, identify opportunities to use data to develop new insights and improve business resultsBuild analytical tools and reports for use by self, team, and others across the organization to ensure timely, consistent understanding of performanceAnalyze campaign and test results to optimize customer acquisition, retention and revenueServe as a player-coach leading a team of analysts and data scientists, developing their personal capability and overall team contributionWho we're looking for7+ years of experience in marketing analyticsExtensive experience building and using models to deliver measurable improvements to department/company performancePrevious management experience, especially as it relates to overseeing a team of analysts dedicated to various functions of a marketing program (acquisition, retention, etc.)Strong analytical and quantitative skills, with high proficiency in a variety of tools (Excel, SQL, Python, etc.)Experience using and overseeing the construction of data visualization environments and subsequently empowering business-level users to monitor and manage business performanceFamiliarity with user-centric businesses; an understanding of how new user acquisition, conversion and lifetime valuation interact to drive total company performanceStrong verbal and written communication skills, ability to work across teams, locations and time zonesWhat you get in return Beyond working with such a great team? An exciting environment with real growthContribute to exciting products used by a highly passionate user basePersonal learning and development opportunitiesUnlimited vacation allowanceAttracting health care options There's more, but we don't want to go on and on. FanDuel is an equal opportunities employer. Diversity and inclusion in FanDuel means that we respect and value everyone as individuals. We don't tolerate bias, judgement or harassment. Our focus is on developing employees so that they reach their full potential"
"3088301974"	"Research Analyst, Public Finance"	"Fitch Ratings"	2019-01-16	58	101	75	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=251447&s=58&guid=00000168765d85528217397f746e0884&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_4c69d8a6&cb=1548174067797&jobListingId=3088301974"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	" Dual-headquartered in New York and London, Fitch Ratings is a leading provider of credit ratings, commentary and research. Dedicated to providing value beyond the rating through independent and prospective credit opinions, Fitch Ratings offers global perspectives shaped by strong local market experience and credit market expertise. The additional context, perspective and insights we provide help investors to make important credit judgments with confidence.  Fitch Solutions delivers credit market data, analytical tools and risk services to the global financial community. In addition to offering proprietary market-based content, Fitch Solutions distributes the ratings, research and financial data of Fitch Ratings through a variety of flexible platforms. With innovation and experience behind every solution, Fitch Solutions helps financial professionals meet the diverse and evolving needs of today’s global markets.  Fitch Ratings and Fitch Solutions, along with Fitch Learning, are part of the Fitch Group, a global leader in financial information services with operations in more than 30 countries. Fitch Group is wholly-owned by Hearst.  Fitch Ratings and Fitch Solutions are an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer, complying with all laws governing employment in each jurisdiction in which operating, and provide equal opportunity to all applicants and employees. All qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity and other status protected by applicable laws.  Fitch Ratings is seeking a self-motivated, inquisitive professional with strong analytical skills to join the Innovation & Research team in Public Finance. Members of this versatile and influential group support various central functions across Public Finance including rating criteria research and implementation, model development, and rating systems innovations. Job Description:Assist in the development of rating criteria, including researching metrics, preparing and cleaning data, back testing, and coordinating documentation for the internal approval processCollaborate with the Model Manager and Model Development Team to create and maintain financial modelsPrototype and manage the implementation of new analytical tools to support the ratings processSupport senior analysts on research pieces across a range of industry-relevant topicsPosition Requirements:Bachelors or graduate degree in economics, finance, public policy, or related fieldsA strong ability to collect, clean, and prepare data; find the story in the data; and defend a viewpoint based on findingsExcellent written and verbal communication skills; strong critical thinking and quantitative skillsIntermediate to advanced proficiency with ExcelFamiliarity with SQL, VBA, R, and Python are all strong pluses Fitch is committed to providing global securities markets with objective, timely, independent and forward-looking credit opinions. To protect Fitch’s credibility and reputation, our employees must take every precaution to avoid conflicts of interests or any appearance of a conflict of interest. Should you be successful in the recruitment process at Fitch Ratings you will asked to declare any securities holdings and other potential conflicts for you and your Family Members prior to commencing employment. If you, or your Family Members, have any holdings that may conflict with your work responsibilities, they must be sold before beginning work. In certain roles, employees and their Family Members may be limited to investments in diversified mutual funds only.  For more information about this policy, please visit the code of ethics and conduct page - http://www.fitchratings.com/web/en/dynamic/about-us/code-of-ethics-and-conduct.jsp"
"2731478861"	"Associate Analyst"	"Fred Alger"	2019-01-18	91	139	113	3.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=399081&s=58&guid=00000168765d85528217397f746e0884&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_42df4b91&cb=1548174067797&jobListingId=2731478861"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	"ADP strongly recommends using, Microsoft Internet Explorer 11, Microsoft Edge, Firefox 45 and higher. Chrome 50.0 and higher. Safari 8.x, or Safari 9.0.Before attempting the application again, clear your browser’s cache and cookies.Do not input “N/A” into any of the fields. The “/” seems to cause ADP some issues. Use “NA” instead.Do not use parentheses. This often causes ADP to not register an answer.If you took part in an unpaid internship, do not put $0.00 as your salary as it causes an error. Put $1 instead.Job Title: Associate AnalystLocation:Headquartered in New  York City in a modern office space near Madison Square Park, Alger offers great  benefits and encourages employees to become involved in their community. In particular, we encourage our employees to  participate, to give their time and talents, not just money, to charitable  events and organizations the Firm supports through our employee run charitable  committee, the Alger Candlelight Giving Program. Pensions & Investments has noted, “Fred  Alger Management Inc. [is] one of the most charity-oriented workforces in the  investment industry.” (Sept. 5, 2011).  We are as proud of that recognition as we are of our investment success.Job  Description:Alger is seeking bright and enthusiastic  Associate Analysts (AAs) to join our investment team. We favor candidates who are passionate about  investing, embrace challenges, welcome increasing responsibilities, and thrive  in a dynamic environment.Alger’s Investment Team is the engine that  drives the Firm’s strong long-term investment returns of our portfolio  strategies and success for our clients.  Our investment strategies range from U.S. small cap to large cap stocks  and International and Emerging Markets growth stocks, in both traditional  long-only and long/short hedged equity portfolios. We have over 40 experienced professionals,  led by our portfolio managers and senior sector analysts, who work together to  identify and research domestic and global growth trends across all economic  sectors to uncover compelling investment opportunities. We target “outside the box” ideas and our  firm’s philosophy encourages creative and independent thinking. Each investment idea goes through a rigorous  series of analyses by sector specialists rather than generalists. Many of our analysts have direct experience  in the industries they invest in and/or advanced degrees in their fields. Compared to other buy-side firms, our teams  are small – and this “boutique” culture allows analysts of all levels to contribute. Working in smaller groups, analysts have more  responsibilities, rather than being just a “number-cruncher” at a larger  firm. With that in mind, we focus on  investing in developing talent. Many of  our senior analysts have started their careers at Alger at the AA level.AAs, along with their  team, work with portfolio managers and the Chief Investment Officer on  generating insightful investment ideas. This direct exposure to top level  management is rare in the investment community and current AAs thrive on the  ability to work with highly experienced investors. Upon hire, AAs will be  assigned to permanent sectors with an opportunity to rise among the ranks of  the investment team.Duties &  Responsibilities: Work closely with  senior analysts to coordinate evaluation of companiesInteract with sell-side  analysts, industry contacts, investor relations personnel and senior management  of companies to develop an investment thesis on a stock or macroeconomic themeCreate and update  financial models and maintaining databases tracking industry research and  statistics. Develop and maintain proprietary data tracking and industry  research filesWrite research reports  on companies under coverage and reports on business newsManage and analyze  companies’ earnings reports, including previews and reviewsCollaborate with the  investment team on original research projects and ideasPerfect the art of a  stock pitch with the goal of being able to generate ideas and profit for the  firmQualifications: Minimum 2-4 years Investment Research, Private  Equity, Investment Banking or Equivalent Industry experiencePassion for the financial markets and  investments along with an extraordinary curiosity about business and industryProven quantitative and qualitative analytical  capabilities including financial modeling, industry and product analysis and report writingUndergraduate Degree with a cumulative Grade  Point Average (GPA) of 3.0 or above in 4.0 scaleExcellent communication skills, both written  and oralHigh level of self-motivation and work ethic  along with the ability to complete assignments quickly and accuratelyStrong competitive spirit and desire to succeedAbility to work in a team-oriented fast-pace  environment both while being able to prioritize projectsPositive attitude with a willingness to attack  challenging intellectual problemsProficiency  in Microsoft Office productsAlger Inspired by Change, Driven by Growth.  Founded in 1964, Alger is widely recognized as a pioneer of growth-style investment management. Headquartered in New York City with affiliate offices in Boston and London, Alger provides U.S. and non-U.S. institutional investors and financial advisors access to a suite of growth equity separate accounts, mutual funds, and privately offered investment vehicles. The firm’s investment philosophy, discovering companies undergoing Positive Dynamic Change, has been in place for over 50 years. In March 2017, Weatherbie Capital, LLC, a Boston-based investment adviser specializing in small and mid-cap growth equity investing, became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alger.  We have been helping clients achieve their growth equity investment objectives for over 50 years. Experience and IndependenceGrowth equity pioneerPrivate ownership with employee participationPhilosophyTime-tested fundamental research driven processCulture of independent thinking and passion for investingGrowth SpecialistsSingular focus on growth equity investingDedicated to generating superior investment returns for our clients through active managementConsent/Waiver If Alger Associates, Inc. & Subsidiaries (“Alger”) extends an offer of employment, the terms of the offer will be in writing, on Alger letterhead. Any such offer will be contingent upon satisfactory references and background investigation. By submitting this application, I consent to Alger checking references and investigating my background and I release from liability all persons, firms, schools, organization, and/or business entities who furnish references or other information concerning me. I also release Alger and its agents and representatives from any liability, which might result from requesting or obtaining such information.  I understand that as part of the pre-hire process, I will be required to authorize Alger to request from a consumer reporting agency an investigative consumer report which might include criminal, credit and employment history, educational records and information relative to my character, general reputation, personal characteristics and mode of living, to the extent permitted by law. If hired, I will be required to provide documentation of both my identity and employment eligibility in the United Sates in accordance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986.  I certify that the information I provided on this application is true and complete and understand that Alger or its representatives may investigate and verify the information. I further understand that any false, misleading or inaccurate information or misrepresentation, or omission of information requested, as stated or implied, in this application or provided in an interview or other employment form may be sufficient reason not to hire me, to withdraw any offer extended or to terminate my employment, regardless of when discovered.  I understand that nothing in this application, or in any prior or subsequent oral or written statement, is intended to create any contract of employment either express or implied. This application does not bind either party for a specific period of time with respect to employment. I understand that no representative of Alger other than its Chief Executive Officer (CEO) or the CEO’s designee is authorized to enter into any agreement to the contrary and any such agreement must be in writing and signed by the CEO or the CEO’s designee.  Alger is proud to be an E-Verify & Equal Opportunity Employer.  It is Alger’s policy to provide equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants for employment. No qualified applicant or employee of Alger shall be discriminated against in employment on the basis of race, national origin, ancestry, religion, gender (including gender identity and gender expression), mental or physical disability, age, sex, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other status protected by law (“Protected Characteristic”). This Policy applies to all terms, conditions, and privileges of employment, including but not limited to, hiring, compensation, benefits, promotion, and termination.  E-Verify® is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security."
"2918328768"	"Data Scientist"	"HBO"	2019-01-19	134	203	166	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=118&ao=433326&s=58&guid=00000168765d85528217397f746e0884&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_50ed8393&cb=1548174067797&jobListingId=2918328768"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	" \",\"AnswerValue\":\"OVERALL SUMMARY As a data scientist on Analytic Capability team, this individual will be executing an end-to-end solution in building analytic infrastructure, supporting our data science and analytic solution teams and transforming the insights into actionable endpoints for different business units. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIESSupport developing analytic infrastructure at AWS environment and partner with IT for analytic production executionWork with data scientists and solution analysts to understand the business problems, proactively design intuitive data structures and create the best-suited data structures for modeling and analysisTranslating advanced analytics result into production and maintain the update/refresh.Integrate additional sources of data that can enhance analytic capability, continually identify and fix issue that could enforce robust analytic processSupport customer service analytic support and providing behavioral insightMaintain HBO NOW subscriber transaction analytic structure by incorporating new providers, campaigns and tracking for transaction analysisREQUIREMENTSBS/MS in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experienceExperience with AWS Solutions, Data and Analytics tools and building data structures to support advanced analytic and research functions.Expertise with both structure and unstructured data at Big Data platform setting.Experience on database development, management and ETL at big data platformExperience with analytic scripting R, Python and SAS and strong with SQL.Knowledge of various data science techniques and experience implementing models developed with these techniques into production environmentFlexibility and comfort working in a dynamic organization with minimal documentation and processStrong problem solving and critical thinking skills"
"2962458309"	"Data Governance Product Specialist"	"Informatica"	2019-01-16	89	134	110	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=109&ao=163603&s=58&guid=00000168765d8b62bd012df5a51357b7&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_11efca72&cb=1548174069203&jobListingId=2962458309"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	"Our Team Were a fast-paced, innovative group where youre empowered to be successful through selling Data Integration (SaaS) solutions. Our goal at Informatica Cloud is to build an organization of smart, ambitious Cloud Specialists, committed to our mission and focused on winning, and balanced with a respectful, healthy environment and lifestyle. At Informatica Cloud, integrity and reliability are as important as talent and effort.  This person will be a member of this elite group of Pre-Sales Specialist who are working across regions. Each member has a specific focus on one of Informaticas technologies such as Cloud solutions, Big Data, MDM, Data Security etc.  The Pre-sales specialist team plays a vital role not only with regard to revenue generation, but also with Informaticas reputation in the marketplace. Were the frontline evangelists, the direct line to our customers. Backed by the strength of the Informatica brand we act as trusted advisors to solve our customers data problems. This trust is due to the quality products we offer and the knowledge that we can confidently stand behind them with an award winning global support team of data integration experts that are dedicated to our customers success.  Your Opportunity Informatica Cloud PaaS has been adopted at a phenomenal pace. Our leading cloud data integration ecosystem is fundamentally changing the industry. In this role you work with the most advanced and comprehensive customer data integration requirements, a bleeding edge engineering team, and the breadth of technical talent at Informatica. You'll be in the vortex of the cloud storm transforming industry. You'll live \"Innovator's Dilemma\" firsthand. Our Ideal Candidate Youre technically proficient and have the patience and passion to guide customers and stakeholders through all the capabilities of our products and solutions. Whether its an initial product evaluation, product demos, or addressing technical pain points, youre willing to take the time to provide deep explanations and find solutions where needed. You find a collaborative work environment rewarding yet are equally adept at and content working independently. As an influential and effective teacher, you are eager to share your knowledge and best practices and to develop and sustain an open line of communication with your supervisor and teammates. If your team members or customers are in remote locations, you are comfortable with travel in order to engage face-to-face. In addition, you have the following attributes: An ability to rapidly understand and translate clients business challenges and concerns into a solution oriented discussion.Persuasive communication skills for presenting to all customer levels, from CTOs/CIOs, to engineering managers and programmers.Resourcefulness, creativity and strategic thinking for troubleshooting problems.Essential Duties & ResponsibilitiesContributes to the knowledge base of subject matter material for your area of expertise and provides feedback for enhancements and future market opportunities to fill product issues and gaps or extend competitive advantage.Actively participates in alpha & beta testing cycles and maintains level of expertise in technical focus area, solution or domain.Works to ensure technical wins during sales cycles by performing technical qualification of opportunities where regional teams lack resource on the subject matter, architect solutions from customer requirements, performing solution demonstrations & other proof points, and proving Informaticas technical capabilities in order to reinforce the value proposition driven by the account team.Timely documentation within CRM / Marketing software, as applicable, of customer contact and activity data is required of this role (e.g. names, titles, contact information, opportunity value, product information, sales stages, probability, business pain, firm-future commitments, etc.)Actively participates in obtaining \"technical closure\" when the product specialist team is responsible for leading an opportunity.Providing the interface between the field presales and other technology functions within Informatica for product direction and feedback.Advises on competitive stance and creates counter strategies to competitive threats in accounts (identify, evaluate their influence and positioning eg. SWOT analysis strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats).Creates competitive analysis, keeps up-to-date with industry thinking and product space, promotes integrated solutions, and assists in development of cross-products solutions and promotes cross-product initiatives.Contributes and maintains the knowledge-base of commonly used demos, presentations, best practices and FAQ's and provides subject matter material to support the broader presales team.Provides enablement and mentorship to the broader presales communityKnowledge & SkillsHolds expert-level experience and uses professional concepts and company objectives to resolve complex issues in creative and effectvie ways.Deep industry knowledge and understanding of a customers decision-making process, goals, strategies, and business objectives.Expert-level presentation, customer service, financial/business acumen, and negotiation skills at all levels of customer engagement.Complete, big-picture understanding of the business and technical contexts of key accounts.Driven, self-starter who exudes leadership on account set and compels others to get on board.Fully adept at consultative effectiveness and establishing trust with internal and external customers.Advanced technical knowledge of hybrid deployment of software solutions, Data Warehousing, Database, and/or Business Intelligence software concepts and products.Strong understanding in Data Integration (on-premise and/or cloud based)Strong background in Service Oriented Architecture (SOA).Experience with Web Services based APIs, REST, etc.Knowledge and experience with Cloud applications including Salesforce.com, NetSuite, Microsoft Dynamics CRM Live, or others.Ability to develop sample integrations for PoC purposes as required by the client.Programming experience in Java, C, C++, or .NET.Understanding of messaging-middleware technologies, including IBM MQ, TIBCO, WebMethods, etc.Experience with Salesforce.com and Apex coding.Education & ExperienceBA/BS or equivalent educational background is preferred.Minimum 8+ years of relevant professional experience."
"3064333348"	"Senior C/C++ Software Engineer"	"Information Builders"	2019-01-16	90	144	112	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=317076&s=58&guid=00000168765d8b62bd012df5a51357b7&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_f9e0c4b7&cb=1548174069203&jobListingId=3064333348"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	"Position Overview: We are seeking a highly-experienced Senior C/C++ Software Engineer to join our organization. Your Impact: As an IBI Software Engineer, you will develop advanced front-end tools and their backend counterparts that allow our customers to build Business Intelligence applications for their stakeholders. The architecture is based on MVC (Model View Controller ) approach allowing to map backend server language objects into the visual UI/UX objects. You will directly interact with product management and other engineering teams, and you will be responsible for designing, implementing, and delivering enterprise-class browser-based applications for both internal- and external-facing consumers. You will be part of a dynamic team of engineers who are developing cutting edge technology that fuels the premier BI platform in the industry. Your work will be deployed to production and used by dozens of major corporations such as FedEx, US Bank, and Mastercard to help drive their business goals and service their customers. Responsibilities:Collaborate with the product owner, technical lead(s), product/UX designer, and other stakeholders to design, prototype and develop enterprise-class web applications.Maintain existing code and make improvements to increase maintainability, performance, and scalability.Support software rollouts to production.Constantly improve code quality and test coverage.Understand full-stack dependencies to minimize regressions and attain improved designs.Guide and mentor junior engineers. Serve as team lead if appropriate.Qualifications:BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related subject.Mathematics background is a plus10+ years of demonstrated experience in C/C++Understanding of SQL concepts such JOIN/UNION/VIEWSPassion for writing well composed, testable code with a focus on readability and maintainability.Excellent communication skills. Information Builders helps organizations transform data into business value. Our software solutions for business intelligence and analytics, integration, and data integrity empower people to make smarter decisions, strengthen customer relationships, and drive growth. Our dedication to customer success is unmatched in the industry. That’s why thousands of leading organizations rely on Information Builders to be their trusted partner. Founded in 1975, Information Builders is headquartered in New York City, with offices around the world, and remains one of the largest independent, privately held companies in the industry.  Information Builders, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against based on their race, gender, disability, veteran status, or other protected classification.  #LI-LO"
"3090802340"	"Quantitative Analyst - Cash Equity Strategies"	"Macquarie Group"	2019-01-18	112	183	140	3.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=293901&s=58&guid=00000168765d85528217397f746e0884&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_96179350&cb=1548174067797&jobListingId=3090802340"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	" We are looking for a recent PhD graduate to join our team, working as a Quantitative Analyst focusing on cash equity strategies.  Our Quant Strategy team applies specialist methods from mathematics, science and engineering to generate revenue. We work on derivative valuation and risk, automated trading and execution, and data-driven decision-making.  Most critical to your success will be your interest and ability to implement financial and statistical models for product evaluation, risk analysis and trading strategy development. Working on the trading floor, youll have the opportunity to build strong relationships across the business by providing quantitative expertise to traders and marketers, as well as our technology and compliance teams.  You will work alongside trading, quant strategy and technology teams to automate data gathering, validation and normalization processes. You will evaluate, automate and deploy research and back testing tools; and calibrate analytics models and develop delta one execution strategies to facilitate business growth.  You have outstanding academic achievements, a PhD in a quantitative discipline (e.g. maths, physics or engineering), are intellectually curious and self-motivated, and have great communication and collaboration skills. You can formulate business ideas mathematically and deliver practical solutions. You are experienced with large scale data analyses and modeling, have strong programming skills in Python or R, and have a basic knowledge of either C++/C#/Java. Database or Unix experience will be a plus.  This is an outstanding opportunity to be a part of a global front-office team, closely aligned with revenue generation!  Find out more about Macquarie careers at www.macquarie.com/careers  Commodities and Global Markets provides clients with an integrated, end-to-end offering across global markets including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or protected veteran status. Macquarie takes affirmative action in support of its policy to and advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.  *LI-SM2"
"2967342045"	"Data Engineer - Solution Design - Security TS/SCI"	"MapR"	2019-01-19	104	120	111	3.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=402368&s=58&guid=00000168765d8b62bd012df5a51357b7&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_24689729&cb=1548174069203&jobListingId=2967342045"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	" Data Engineer- Solution Design  Security Clearance Required: TS/SCI  Data Engineers will report into MapR’s Professional Services Organization. MapR Data Engineers are responsible for delivering a variety of engineering services to MapR customers throughout North America. Assignments vary based on the candidate’s skills and experience. Typical assignments may involve cluster installation, ETL, solution design and application development. MapR’s growing customer base includes most of the Fortune 50 companies which makes the work technically challenging yet rewarding. This role provides a significant opportunity to learn and apply big data technologies and solve related complex problems. MapR Data Engineers report to the Director of Data Engineering located at company headquarters in San Jose, CA. Responsibilities:Master the MapR Converged Platform, including MapR-FS, MapR-DB, MapR-Streams and the Hadoop Eco-System products and maintain proficiency and currency as the technology evolves and advances.Master data layout and no-SQL schema design best practices.Achieve and maintain proficiency with MapR cluster and Hadoop Framework installation, debugging, and performance measurement/optimization.Achieve proficiency in developing Big Data solutions utilizing the MapR Converged Data Platform and ecosystem tools such as Spark, Sqoop, and Hue.Achieve proficiency with Big Data SQL query engines such as Drill, Spark SQL, and Hive.Assist the Sales Team in positioning and selling MapR products and Service offerings.Work closely with MapR sales in scoping and estimating customer professional service projects.Write, deliver and present formal SOW’s (Statement of Work).Deliver SOW scope via onsite and remote engagements and ensure the on-time delivery and quality.Be a technical voice to MapR’s customers and community via blogs, User Groups (UG’s) and through participation at leading industry conferences.Stay current in best practices, tools, and applications used in the delivery of professional service engagements.Requirements:Security Clearance Required: TS/SCI5+ years of hands-on application development experience in Java, Scala or C++Familiarity with Linux OSBasic scripting skills (Bash or Python preferred)2+ years in a customer facing, professional services software delivery role preferred but not requiredBachelor's degree in CS or equivalent experienceStrong verbal and written communication skills are requiredAbility to professionally manage multiple priorities with minimal supervision and on scheduleUnderstanding of commercial IT infrastructures including storage, networking, security and systems management is a plus.Familiarity with Hadoop and the Hadoop Eco-System a significant advantage (MapR is willing to train otherwise promising candidates)The ideal candidate will have experience with any/all of the following:Scala or Java Programming, Spark, HBase (MapR-DB), Kafka (MapR-Streams)About MapR Technologies MapR Technologies, a provider of the industry’s leading data platform for AI and Analytics, enables enterprises to inject analytics into their business processes to increase revenue, reduce costs, and mitigate risks. MapR addresses the data complexities of high-scale and mission-critical distributed processing from the cloud to the edge, IoT analytics, and container persistence. Global 2000 enterprises trust the MapR Data Platform to help them solve their most complex AI and analytics challenges. Amazon, Cisco, Google, Microsoft, SAP, and other leading businesses are all part of the MapR ecosystem. For more information, visit www.mapr.com."
"2839958061"	"Principal Data Engineer"	"Movable Ink"	2019-01-19	145	163	153	4.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=110&ao=371837&s=58&guid=00000168765d8b62bd012df5a51357b7&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_59113928&cb=1548174069203&jobListingId=2839958061"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	" Movable Ink powers meaningful experiences in email and on the web for the biggest brands in the world. Data is at the heart of these experiences - we are collecting many terabytes of data each quarter, and all of it must be partitioned and aggregated for many different use cases.  The Principal Data Engineer will be responsible for all data access patterns across the business. Data Scientists will want access to the billions of events tracked across our customers' web sites each day. Data Analysts will want connect that usage back to configuration data in our relational database. The product itself will need to aggregate this constant flood of data in real time. Fast-forward one year. Here's what you will have accomplished:Supported data initiatives in three different products using a combination of stream processing, messaging queues, and batch ETLBecome an expert in our existing storage technologies and our use cases to suggest and implement enhancementsEnabled the Data Science team by providing them with the tools and the dataset they need to be effectiveConnected product data to business data for ad-hoc analysis with BI toolsPerformed a cost analysis for moving from a unified data storage approach to regional isolationPartnered with Information Security to define and implement recommend procedures for data storage and accessExperience:You've done a lot of work with Big Data tools, such as Spark, Storm, Hive, Hadoop, etcYou've implemented storage mechanisms for high-throughput workloadsYou're comfortable in AWS and have run production systems there"
"3089502227"	"Data Engineer"	"Sagence"	2019-01-17	124	140	130	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=240901&s=58&guid=00000168765d85528217397f746e0884&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_bde72024&cb=1548174067797&jobListingId=3089502227"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	"Company DescriptionSagence is a management advisory firm dedicated to helping our clients optimize the value of their data assets. From thinking to doing, Sagence works with leading institutions in the acquisition, evaluation, development and management of their critical data assets and in the application of analytics to discover new insights, shorten time-to-value, and drive competitive advantage.Job OverviewSagence is looking for experienced, client-facing Data Engineer to help us build and sustain our client’s data capabilities and our competitive advantage. Along with the requirements below, candidates must possess deep, practical experience in one or more of the following Data Management competencies; data warehousing, data lakes, reference data or master data management, data architecture, data modeling, data governance, data analysis, business intelligence.Skills & Requirements:MUST BE HANDS ON. Candidates should have system development experience and proficiency with system development methodologiesand possess the following skills and knowledge: Must have significant hands-on experience with various IT concepts of data management/engineering (ETL, data transmission, data modeling, data warehousing, etc.)Must have significant hands-on experience with SQL, data profiling, and data discoveryExperience building business intelligence, analytics, or reporting solutions - either front-end consumption mechanisms (e.g., Cognos, Tableau) or supply of data for these purposesFamiliarity with data architecture principles/approaches, data environment infrastructure considerations, and data modeling principles/approachesAbility to drive out technical requirements with business and IT stakeholders for implementations of data solutionsHands-on experience with Agile delivery methodologyPrior professional experience in an IT management, management consulting, or client facing role is preferredKnowledge of the Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare or Retail industries is preferredDemonstrated ability in engaging, communicating, and presenting to stakeholders across both business and technology functionsTools and Technology:Proficient at leveraging tools and technology to drive value for clients. Illustrative tools include the following;Database Management Tools - e.g., MYSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata, or similarETL Tools - e.g. Informatica, Infshpere DataStage, Goldengate, Ab Initio, or similarData Modeling tools - e.g., ERWin, ER/Studio, IBM Data Architect, or similarIndustry Leading BI tools - e.g., Business Objects, Microsoft, Cognos, Tableau, OBIEE, Qlickview, or similarGeneral:Must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis. Sagence does not provide sponsorship for work visas3+ years of professional experience working in a related roleMust be collaborative, innovative, curious, and resourceful, and exhibit a positive attitudeStrong desire to work on interesting projects with smart and creative peopleWillingness to travel to client sites as neededChicago or New York area candidates preferred, but will consider candidates in other parts of U.S.Our Culture Passionate, diverse, creative, genuine, flexible, hands-on…these are just a few of the words that describe our culture. Our Founders and Partners are deeply involved in the client work on a daily basis. We have a high-energy workplace with a focus on producing high-quality, impactful results.We are committed to equality of opportunity, fairness, work and lifestyle balance, and mutual respect. We promote an entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging individual initiative and foster a collaborative culture and work environment which includes open communication and on-going learning. We build teamwork through small, dedicated teams who continuously teach each other and learn from one another. We strongly believe these characteristics enable our employees to develop to their fullest potential. To learn more, please visit us at www.sagenceconsulting.com"
"3089502227"	"Data Engineer"	"Sagence"	2019-01-17	124	140	130	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=240901&s=58&guid=00000168765d8b62bd012df5a51357b7&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_88a8dda4&cb=1548174069203&jobListingId=3089502227"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	"Company DescriptionSagence is a management advisory firm dedicated to helping our clients optimize the value of their data assets. From thinking to doing, Sagence works with leading institutions in the acquisition, evaluation, development and management of their critical data assets and in the application of analytics to discover new insights, shorten time-to-value, and drive competitive advantage.Job OverviewSagence is looking for experienced, client-facing Data Engineer to help us build and sustain our client’s data capabilities and our competitive advantage. Along with the requirements below, candidates must possess deep, practical experience in one or more of the following Data Management competencies; data warehousing, data lakes, reference data or master data management, data architecture, data modeling, data governance, data analysis, business intelligence.Skills & Requirements:MUST BE HANDS ON. Candidates should have system development experience and proficiency with system development methodologiesand possess the following skills and knowledge: Must have significant hands-on experience with various IT concepts of data management/engineering (ETL, data transmission, data modeling, data warehousing, etc.)Must have significant hands-on experience with SQL, data profiling, and data discoveryExperience building business intelligence, analytics, or reporting solutions - either front-end consumption mechanisms (e.g., Cognos, Tableau) or supply of data for these purposesFamiliarity with data architecture principles/approaches, data environment infrastructure considerations, and data modeling principles/approachesAbility to drive out technical requirements with business and IT stakeholders for implementations of data solutionsHands-on experience with Agile delivery methodologyPrior professional experience in an IT management, management consulting, or client facing role is preferredKnowledge of the Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare or Retail industries is preferredDemonstrated ability in engaging, communicating, and presenting to stakeholders across both business and technology functionsTools and Technology:Proficient at leveraging tools and technology to drive value for clients. Illustrative tools include the following;Database Management Tools - e.g., MYSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata, or similarETL Tools - e.g. Informatica, Infshpere DataStage, Goldengate, Ab Initio, or similarData Modeling tools - e.g., ERWin, ER/Studio, IBM Data Architect, or similarIndustry Leading BI tools - e.g., Business Objects, Microsoft, Cognos, Tableau, OBIEE, Qlickview, or similarGeneral:Must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis. Sagence does not provide sponsorship for work visas3+ years of professional experience working in a related roleMust be collaborative, innovative, curious, and resourceful, and exhibit a positive attitudeStrong desire to work on interesting projects with smart and creative peopleWillingness to travel to client sites as neededChicago or New York area candidates preferred, but will consider candidates in other parts of U.S.Our Culture Passionate, diverse, creative, genuine, flexible, hands-on…these are just a few of the words that describe our culture. Our Founders and Partners are deeply involved in the client work on a daily basis. We have a high-energy workplace with a focus on producing high-quality, impactful results.We are committed to equality of opportunity, fairness, work and lifestyle balance, and mutual respect. We promote an entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging individual initiative and foster a collaborative culture and work environment which includes open communication and on-going learning. We build teamwork through small, dedicated teams who continuously teach each other and learn from one another. We strongly believe these characteristics enable our employees to develop to their fullest potential. To learn more, please visit us at www.sagenceconsulting.com"
"3089502227"	"Data Engineer"	"Sagence"	2019-01-17	124	140	130	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=240901&s=58&guid=00000168765d85528217397f746e0884&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_bde72024&cb=1548174067797&jobListingId=3089502227"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	"Company DescriptionSagence is a management advisory firm dedicated to helping our clients optimize the value of their data assets. From thinking to doing, Sagence works with leading institutions in the acquisition, evaluation, development and management of their critical data assets and in the application of analytics to discover new insights, shorten time-to-value, and drive competitive advantage.Job OverviewSagence is looking for experienced, client-facing Data Engineer to help us build and sustain our client’s data capabilities and our competitive advantage. Along with the requirements below, candidates must possess deep, practical experience in one or more of the following Data Management competencies; data warehousing, data lakes, reference data or master data management, data architecture, data modeling, data governance, data analysis, business intelligence.Skills & Requirements:MUST BE HANDS ON. Candidates should have system development experience and proficiency with system development methodologiesand possess the following skills and knowledge: Must have significant hands-on experience with various IT concepts of data management/engineering (ETL, data transmission, data modeling, data warehousing, etc.)Must have significant hands-on experience with SQL, data profiling, and data discoveryExperience building business intelligence, analytics, or reporting solutions - either front-end consumption mechanisms (e.g., Cognos, Tableau) or supply of data for these purposesFamiliarity with data architecture principles/approaches, data environment infrastructure considerations, and data modeling principles/approachesAbility to drive out technical requirements with business and IT stakeholders for implementations of data solutionsHands-on experience with Agile delivery methodologyPrior professional experience in an IT management, management consulting, or client facing role is preferredKnowledge of the Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare or Retail industries is preferredDemonstrated ability in engaging, communicating, and presenting to stakeholders across both business and technology functionsTools and Technology:Proficient at leveraging tools and technology to drive value for clients. Illustrative tools include the following;Database Management Tools - e.g., MYSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata, or similarETL Tools - e.g. Informatica, Infshpere DataStage, Goldengate, Ab Initio, or similarData Modeling tools - e.g., ERWin, ER/Studio, IBM Data Architect, or similarIndustry Leading BI tools - e.g., Business Objects, Microsoft, Cognos, Tableau, OBIEE, Qlickview, or similarGeneral:Must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis. Sagence does not provide sponsorship for work visas3+ years of professional experience working in a related roleMust be collaborative, innovative, curious, and resourceful, and exhibit a positive attitudeStrong desire to work on interesting projects with smart and creative peopleWillingness to travel to client sites as neededChicago or New York area candidates preferred, but will consider candidates in other parts of U.S.Our Culture Passionate, diverse, creative, genuine, flexible, hands-on…these are just a few of the words that describe our culture. Our Founders and Partners are deeply involved in the client work on a daily basis. We have a high-energy workplace with a focus on producing high-quality, impactful results.We are committed to equality of opportunity, fairness, work and lifestyle balance, and mutual respect. We promote an entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging individual initiative and foster a collaborative culture and work environment which includes open communication and on-going learning. We build teamwork through small, dedicated teams who continuously teach each other and learn from one another. We strongly believe these characteristics enable our employees to develop to their fullest potential. To learn more, please visit us at www.sagenceconsulting.com"
"3089502227"	"Data Engineer"	"Sagence"	2019-01-17	124	140	130	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=240901&s=58&guid=00000168765d8b62bd012df5a51357b7&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_88a8dda4&cb=1548174069203&jobListingId=3089502227"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	"Company DescriptionSagence is a management advisory firm dedicated to helping our clients optimize the value of their data assets. From thinking to doing, Sagence works with leading institutions in the acquisition, evaluation, development and management of their critical data assets and in the application of analytics to discover new insights, shorten time-to-value, and drive competitive advantage.Job OverviewSagence is looking for experienced, client-facing Data Engineer to help us build and sustain our client’s data capabilities and our competitive advantage. Along with the requirements below, candidates must possess deep, practical experience in one or more of the following Data Management competencies; data warehousing, data lakes, reference data or master data management, data architecture, data modeling, data governance, data analysis, business intelligence.Skills & Requirements:MUST BE HANDS ON. Candidates should have system development experience and proficiency with system development methodologiesand possess the following skills and knowledge: Must have significant hands-on experience with various IT concepts of data management/engineering (ETL, data transmission, data modeling, data warehousing, etc.)Must have significant hands-on experience with SQL, data profiling, and data discoveryExperience building business intelligence, analytics, or reporting solutions - either front-end consumption mechanisms (e.g., Cognos, Tableau) or supply of data for these purposesFamiliarity with data architecture principles/approaches, data environment infrastructure considerations, and data modeling principles/approachesAbility to drive out technical requirements with business and IT stakeholders for implementations of data solutionsHands-on experience with Agile delivery methodologyPrior professional experience in an IT management, management consulting, or client facing role is preferredKnowledge of the Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare or Retail industries is preferredDemonstrated ability in engaging, communicating, and presenting to stakeholders across both business and technology functionsTools and Technology:Proficient at leveraging tools and technology to drive value for clients. Illustrative tools include the following;Database Management Tools - e.g., MYSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata, or similarETL Tools - e.g. Informatica, Infshpere DataStage, Goldengate, Ab Initio, or similarData Modeling tools - e.g., ERWin, ER/Studio, IBM Data Architect, or similarIndustry Leading BI tools - e.g., Business Objects, Microsoft, Cognos, Tableau, OBIEE, Qlickview, or similarGeneral:Must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis. Sagence does not provide sponsorship for work visas3+ years of professional experience working in a related roleMust be collaborative, innovative, curious, and resourceful, and exhibit a positive attitudeStrong desire to work on interesting projects with smart and creative peopleWillingness to travel to client sites as neededChicago or New York area candidates preferred, but will consider candidates in other parts of U.S.Our Culture Passionate, diverse, creative, genuine, flexible, hands-on…these are just a few of the words that describe our culture. Our Founders and Partners are deeply involved in the client work on a daily basis. We have a high-energy workplace with a focus on producing high-quality, impactful results.We are committed to equality of opportunity, fairness, work and lifestyle balance, and mutual respect. We promote an entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging individual initiative and foster a collaborative culture and work environment which includes open communication and on-going learning. We build teamwork through small, dedicated teams who continuously teach each other and learn from one another. We strongly believe these characteristics enable our employees to develop to their fullest potential. To learn more, please visit us at www.sagenceconsulting.com"
"2643247633"	"Data Modeler"	"Sagence"	2019-01-22	99	143	115	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=111&ao=240901&s=58&guid=00000168765d85528217397f746e0884&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_6d0cbbd2&cb=1548174067797&jobListingId=2643247633"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	"Data ModelerCompany Description: Sagence is a management advisory firm dedicated to helping our clients optimize the value of their data assets. From thinking to doing, Sagence works with leading institutions in the acquisition, evaluation, development and management of their critical data assets and in the application of analytics to discover new insights, shorten time-to-value, and drive competitive advantage.Job Overview:Sagence is looking for experienced Data Modelers to help us build and enhance our client’s data capabilities and create a competitive advantage. Listed below is an overview of the position requirements as well as the characteristics of our successful professionals.Requirements:Advanced knowledge of modeling techniques for conceptual, logical and physical data modelsAdvanced knowledge of modeling normalized data structures and manipulating dataFamiliarity with multiple database platforms such as Oracle, DB2 and SQL ServerUnderstanding of the different data storage/access models (transactional, data staging, operational data store, data warehouse, data mart, data federation) and choose the model(s) appropriate for the client. Ability to work with data modeling and repository toolsets (including ERwin and other metadata management toolsets) to create work productsUnderstanding of the characteristics of various data types (structured versus unstructured)Knowledge of data format standards, including industry standards (e.g. XMI for interchange of XML)Experience with Agile methodologiesAbility to define business requirementsAbility to mentor and perform knowledge transfer to support teamTools and Technology:Proficient at leveraging tools and technology to drive value for clients. Illustrative tools include the following;Data modeling tools (e.g., ERWin, ER/Studio, IBM Data Architect)Database management systems (e.g., MYSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata)ETL tools (e.g. Informatica, DataStage, Goldengate)Consulting Acumen:Strong decision making, project management, and communication skillsDemonstrated ability in engaging and communicating with stakeholders, across both business and technology functionsStrong technical, strategic and business analysis skills with the ability to solve complex problemsIndustry Experience:Prior professional experience in a management consulting environment or client facing role is preferred, but not requiredKnowledge and experience working within Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare or Technology is preferredGeneral:Must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis. Sagence does not provide sponsorship for work visas upon hire or in the future.2-3+ years of professional experience working in a related roleMust be collaborative, innovative, curious, and resourceful, and exhibit a positive attitudeStrong desire to work on interesting projects with smart and creative peopleWillingness to travel to client sites as neededMust reside in the Chicago or New York metropolitan areaOur Culture:Passionate, diverse, creative, genuine, flexible, hands-on…these are just a few of the words that describe our culture. Our Founders and Partners are deeply involved in the client work on a daily basis. We have a high-energy workplace with a focus on producing high-quality, impactful results.We are committed to equality of opportunity, fairness, work and lifestyle balance, and mutual respect. We promote an entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging individual initiative and foster a collaborative culture and work environment which includes open communication and on-going learning. We build teamwork through small, dedicated teams who continuously teach each other and learn from one another. We strongly believe these characteristics enable our employees to develop to their fullest potential. To learn more, please visit us at www.sagenceconsulting.com"
"2643247633"	"Data Modeler"	"Sagence"	2019-01-22	99	143	115	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=118&ao=240901&s=58&guid=00000168765d8b62bd012df5a51357b7&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_24cfa748&cb=1548174069203&jobListingId=2643247633"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	"Data ModelerCompany Description: Sagence is a management advisory firm dedicated to helping our clients optimize the value of their data assets. From thinking to doing, Sagence works with leading institutions in the acquisition, evaluation, development and management of their critical data assets and in the application of analytics to discover new insights, shorten time-to-value, and drive competitive advantage.Job Overview:Sagence is looking for experienced Data Modelers to help us build and enhance our client’s data capabilities and create a competitive advantage. Listed below is an overview of the position requirements as well as the characteristics of our successful professionals.Requirements:Advanced knowledge of modeling techniques for conceptual, logical and physical data modelsAdvanced knowledge of modeling normalized data structures and manipulating dataFamiliarity with multiple database platforms such as Oracle, DB2 and SQL ServerUnderstanding of the different data storage/access models (transactional, data staging, operational data store, data warehouse, data mart, data federation) and choose the model(s) appropriate for the client. Ability to work with data modeling and repository toolsets (including ERwin and other metadata management toolsets) to create work productsUnderstanding of the characteristics of various data types (structured versus unstructured)Knowledge of data format standards, including industry standards (e.g. XMI for interchange of XML)Experience with Agile methodologiesAbility to define business requirementsAbility to mentor and perform knowledge transfer to support teamTools and Technology:Proficient at leveraging tools and technology to drive value for clients. Illustrative tools include the following;Data modeling tools (e.g., ERWin, ER/Studio, IBM Data Architect)Database management systems (e.g., MYSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata)ETL tools (e.g. Informatica, DataStage, Goldengate)Consulting Acumen:Strong decision making, project management, and communication skillsDemonstrated ability in engaging and communicating with stakeholders, across both business and technology functionsStrong technical, strategic and business analysis skills with the ability to solve complex problemsIndustry Experience:Prior professional experience in a management consulting environment or client facing role is preferred, but not requiredKnowledge and experience working within Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare or Technology is preferredGeneral:Must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis. Sagence does not provide sponsorship for work visas upon hire or in the future.2-3+ years of professional experience working in a related roleMust be collaborative, innovative, curious, and resourceful, and exhibit a positive attitudeStrong desire to work on interesting projects with smart and creative peopleWillingness to travel to client sites as neededMust reside in the Chicago or New York metropolitan areaOur Culture:Passionate, diverse, creative, genuine, flexible, hands-on…these are just a few of the words that describe our culture. Our Founders and Partners are deeply involved in the client work on a daily basis. We have a high-energy workplace with a focus on producing high-quality, impactful results.We are committed to equality of opportunity, fairness, work and lifestyle balance, and mutual respect. We promote an entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging individual initiative and foster a collaborative culture and work environment which includes open communication and on-going learning. We build teamwork through small, dedicated teams who continuously teach each other and learn from one another. We strongly believe these characteristics enable our employees to develop to their fullest potential. To learn more, please visit us at www.sagenceconsulting.com"
"2643247633"	"Data Modeler"	"Sagence"	2019-01-22	99	143	115	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=111&ao=240901&s=58&guid=00000168765d85528217397f746e0884&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_6d0cbbd2&cb=1548174067797&jobListingId=2643247633"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	"Data ModelerCompany Description: Sagence is a management advisory firm dedicated to helping our clients optimize the value of their data assets. From thinking to doing, Sagence works with leading institutions in the acquisition, evaluation, development and management of their critical data assets and in the application of analytics to discover new insights, shorten time-to-value, and drive competitive advantage.Job Overview:Sagence is looking for experienced Data Modelers to help us build and enhance our client’s data capabilities and create a competitive advantage. Listed below is an overview of the position requirements as well as the characteristics of our successful professionals.Requirements:Advanced knowledge of modeling techniques for conceptual, logical and physical data modelsAdvanced knowledge of modeling normalized data structures and manipulating dataFamiliarity with multiple database platforms such as Oracle, DB2 and SQL ServerUnderstanding of the different data storage/access models (transactional, data staging, operational data store, data warehouse, data mart, data federation) and choose the model(s) appropriate for the client. Ability to work with data modeling and repository toolsets (including ERwin and other metadata management toolsets) to create work productsUnderstanding of the characteristics of various data types (structured versus unstructured)Knowledge of data format standards, including industry standards (e.g. XMI for interchange of XML)Experience with Agile methodologiesAbility to define business requirementsAbility to mentor and perform knowledge transfer to support teamTools and Technology:Proficient at leveraging tools and technology to drive value for clients. Illustrative tools include the following;Data modeling tools (e.g., ERWin, ER/Studio, IBM Data Architect)Database management systems (e.g., MYSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata)ETL tools (e.g. Informatica, DataStage, Goldengate)Consulting Acumen:Strong decision making, project management, and communication skillsDemonstrated ability in engaging and communicating with stakeholders, across both business and technology functionsStrong technical, strategic and business analysis skills with the ability to solve complex problemsIndustry Experience:Prior professional experience in a management consulting environment or client facing role is preferred, but not requiredKnowledge and experience working within Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare or Technology is preferredGeneral:Must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis. Sagence does not provide sponsorship for work visas upon hire or in the future.2-3+ years of professional experience working in a related roleMust be collaborative, innovative, curious, and resourceful, and exhibit a positive attitudeStrong desire to work on interesting projects with smart and creative peopleWillingness to travel to client sites as neededMust reside in the Chicago or New York metropolitan areaOur Culture:Passionate, diverse, creative, genuine, flexible, hands-on…these are just a few of the words that describe our culture. Our Founders and Partners are deeply involved in the client work on a daily basis. We have a high-energy workplace with a focus on producing high-quality, impactful results.We are committed to equality of opportunity, fairness, work and lifestyle balance, and mutual respect. We promote an entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging individual initiative and foster a collaborative culture and work environment which includes open communication and on-going learning. We build teamwork through small, dedicated teams who continuously teach each other and learn from one another. We strongly believe these characteristics enable our employees to develop to their fullest potential. To learn more, please visit us at www.sagenceconsulting.com"
"2643247633"	"Data Modeler"	"Sagence"	2019-01-22	99	143	115	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=118&ao=240901&s=58&guid=00000168765d8b62bd012df5a51357b7&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_24cfa748&cb=1548174069203&jobListingId=2643247633"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	"Data ModelerCompany Description: Sagence is a management advisory firm dedicated to helping our clients optimize the value of their data assets. From thinking to doing, Sagence works with leading institutions in the acquisition, evaluation, development and management of their critical data assets and in the application of analytics to discover new insights, shorten time-to-value, and drive competitive advantage.Job Overview:Sagence is looking for experienced Data Modelers to help us build and enhance our client’s data capabilities and create a competitive advantage. Listed below is an overview of the position requirements as well as the characteristics of our successful professionals.Requirements:Advanced knowledge of modeling techniques for conceptual, logical and physical data modelsAdvanced knowledge of modeling normalized data structures and manipulating dataFamiliarity with multiple database platforms such as Oracle, DB2 and SQL ServerUnderstanding of the different data storage/access models (transactional, data staging, operational data store, data warehouse, data mart, data federation) and choose the model(s) appropriate for the client. Ability to work with data modeling and repository toolsets (including ERwin and other metadata management toolsets) to create work productsUnderstanding of the characteristics of various data types (structured versus unstructured)Knowledge of data format standards, including industry standards (e.g. XMI for interchange of XML)Experience with Agile methodologiesAbility to define business requirementsAbility to mentor and perform knowledge transfer to support teamTools and Technology:Proficient at leveraging tools and technology to drive value for clients. Illustrative tools include the following;Data modeling tools (e.g., ERWin, ER/Studio, IBM Data Architect)Database management systems (e.g., MYSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata)ETL tools (e.g. Informatica, DataStage, Goldengate)Consulting Acumen:Strong decision making, project management, and communication skillsDemonstrated ability in engaging and communicating with stakeholders, across both business and technology functionsStrong technical, strategic and business analysis skills with the ability to solve complex problemsIndustry Experience:Prior professional experience in a management consulting environment or client facing role is preferred, but not requiredKnowledge and experience working within Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare or Technology is preferredGeneral:Must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis. Sagence does not provide sponsorship for work visas upon hire or in the future.2-3+ years of professional experience working in a related roleMust be collaborative, innovative, curious, and resourceful, and exhibit a positive attitudeStrong desire to work on interesting projects with smart and creative peopleWillingness to travel to client sites as neededMust reside in the Chicago or New York metropolitan areaOur Culture:Passionate, diverse, creative, genuine, flexible, hands-on…these are just a few of the words that describe our culture. Our Founders and Partners are deeply involved in the client work on a daily basis. We have a high-energy workplace with a focus on producing high-quality, impactful results.We are committed to equality of opportunity, fairness, work and lifestyle balance, and mutual respect. We promote an entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging individual initiative and foster a collaborative culture and work environment which includes open communication and on-going learning. We build teamwork through small, dedicated teams who continuously teach each other and learn from one another. We strongly believe these characteristics enable our employees to develop to their fullest potential. To learn more, please visit us at www.sagenceconsulting.com"
"2597660817"	"Sr Analyst, Business Intelligence"	"SheKnows"	2019-01-22	117	151	131	2.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=127&ao=4341&s=58&guid=00000168765d8b62bd012df5a51357b7&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_a1b45cb0&cb=1548174069204&jobListingId=2597660817"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	" SheKnows Media is a top womens lifestyle digital media company that averages 60 million unique visitors per month (comScore) and reaches more than 300 million social media fans and followers. The company operates a family of leading media properties that include SheKnows.com, BlogHer.com, STYLECASTER.com and HelloFlo.com. The Job: This position will be a key resource in the companys growing Business Intelligence & Analytics team. This role will own and lead the building, updating, and maintaining of key weekly/monthly reports and dashboards supporting the CEO, CFO, and various executive stakeholders. The role will work closely with Business Intelligence team members and other internal stakeholders to collect, validate, and visualize data from various sources. The candidate is expected to be highly proficient in Excel, able to quickly cut and dice data, and comfortable learning how new data sets relate to business concepts and objectives. As a Reporting Analyst, your role requires great attention to detail and great comfort level working with large and complex quantitative datasets. The expectation is to produce accurate and meaningful metrics to deliver high quality and actionable insights to the business. The Work:Develop, reconcile, and distribute weekly, monthly, and ad hoc reports ensuring complete accuracy.Data extraction and transposition from web-based systems (e.g. web analytics, DFP, ad server, order management, CRM, Looker, Redshift, and various other internal and external tracking and reporting UI systems) to Microsoft Excel.Visualize and report on data in accessible and meaningful ways to internal business units.Take initiative to lead prototyping and testing of automated reports from SQL data warehouse.Stay on top of new features/developments for additional data gathering opportunities.Data mining and analysis. Drawing actionable and meaning business insights from large datasets.The Fine Print:BS/BA in a quantitative or analytical field3-5 years working with data in a similar business intelligence, reporting, or analytical role.Outstanding Excel skills required.Basic knowledge of relational database concepts, SQL, and financial statements is preferred.Prior experience with some of the following tools preferred: Tableau, Looker (or other dashboarding tools), Google or Adobe Analytics, SalesForce (or other CRM platform), DFP/OAS (or other ad servers), DSM or Operative, comScore/Nielsen/Quantcast, NetSuite or other accounting softwareAble to work in a fast-paced environment and manage multiple priorities and deadlines.Strong structured problem solving, attention to detail and organizational skills.Tech savvy and able to research and recommend tools and technologies to solve problems.Ability to quickly learn new tools, concepts and reporting processes is extremely important.About Us With a mission of women inspiring women, SheKnows Media is revolutionizing the publishing industry by forging a new kind of model that seamlessly integrates users, editors and content creators onto a single platform designed to empower all women to discover, share and create. Whether its parenting or pop culture, fashion or food, DIY or décor, our award-winning editorial team, Experts, bloggers and social media influencers produce authentic and on-trend content every day. We dig deep to learn what makes our audience tick, revealing unexpected insights on women and digital media. Our robust, end-to-end suite of premium branded content and influencer marketing solutions generate nearly 1 billion ad impressions per month (sources: DFP), allowing brands to distribute authentic content and integrated advertising at scale.  SheKnows Media offers a competitive compensation and benefits package with an exciting, fresh and engaging work environment. Join us, and love where you work!"
"2765919836"	"Senior Data Engineer"	"ThoughtWorks"	2019-01-16	134	152	141	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=106&ao=98222&s=58&guid=00000168765d8b62bd012df5a51357b7&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_77a4becf&cb=1548174069203&jobListingId=2765919836"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	"As a Senior Data Engineer, here's what we'll be looking for you to bring:Hands-on Engineering LeadershipProven track record of Innovation and expertise in Data EngineeringTenure in coding, architecting and delivering complex projectsDeep understanding and application of modern data processing technology stacks. For example Spark, Hadoop ecosystem technologies, and othersDeep understanding of NoSQL technologies including column family, graph, document, and key-value data storage technologiesDeep understanding of relational database technologies and database development techniquesUnderstanding of how to architect solutions for data science and analyticsData management for reporting and BI experience is a plusUnderstanding of \"Agility\", including core values, guiding principles, and key agile practicesUnderstanding of the theory and application of Continuous Integration/DeliveryPassion for software craftmanshipA rich breadth of industry experience and background working across different organizations, ranging in size, from start-ups to large corporations..Strong stakeholder management and interaction experience at different levelsAny experience building and leading an offshore/outsourcing function would be highly beneficial.There's no typical day or engagement for our Senior Engineers. Here's what you'll do:Be the SME. Develop Big Data architectural approach to meet key business objectives and provide end to end development solutionYou might spend a few weeks with a new client on a deep technical review or a complete organizational review, helping them to understand the potential that Big Data has to solve their most pressing problems.On other projects, you might be acting as the architect, leading the design of technical solutions, or perhaps overseeing a program inception to build a new product.It could be much more about getting stuck into a delivery project where you're equally happy coding and tech leading the team to implement the solution.Whatever your role, the team always look to draw on your experience when things get tough and you often handle the difficult client conversations allowing the team to continue delivering without undue pressure.You have great relationships with our new business team and work collaboratively to support pre-sales, meet prospective clients and ultimately influence and shape our portfolio of work.You recognize that building your network with a client is absolutely key to enable you to perform in your role. You'll be drawing on all of your passion for technology, hands-on experience and knowledge of latest Big Data and Engineering best practices to help you gain the respect and credibility of those around you.Regardless of what you do at ThoughtWorks, you'll always have the opportunity to:Think through hard problems, and work with a team to make them reality.Learn something new every day.Work in a dynamic, collaborative, transparent, non-hierarchal, and ego-free culture where your talent is valued over a role titleTravel the world.Speak at conferences.Write blogs and books.Develop your career outside of the confinements of a traditional career path by focusing on what you're passionate about rather than a predetermined one-size-fits-all planBe part of a company with Social and Economic Justice at the heart of its mission.Not quite ready to apply? Or maybe this isn't the right role for you?That's OK, you can stay in touch with AccessThoughtWorks, our learning community (tick 'contact me about recruitment opportunities' to hear about jobs in the future).  #LI-NA"
"2917082343"	"Senior Consultant"	"TIBCO Software"	2019-01-18	88	126	103	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=186569&s=58&guid=00000168765d8b62bd012df5a51357b7&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_42066fb3&cb=1548174069203&jobListingId=2917082343"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	" The Professional Services Consultant performs analysis, designs and develops (full lifecycle) reporting and business intelligence solutions as well as delivers technical training on Jaspersoft’s software. Ability to effectively communicate instruction both verbally and writtenAbility to travel to client locations up to 70% of scheduleWork independently at client sites and home office locationsAbility to identify and respond to client issuesExhibit sound judgment in escalation of client issuesParticipate in pre-sales activities and internal development projectsPossess combination of technical and client management skills."
"3090894972"	"Business Analyst"	"Tradeweb Markets LLC"	2019-01-19	62	101	81	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=305341&s=58&guid=00000168765d85528217397f746e0884&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_6ce40a0e&cb=1548174067797&jobListingId=3090894972"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	"Responsibilities/Accountabilities:Financial modeling and valuation analysis related to current businesses and new opportunitiesContract and pricing evaluations related to new or existing contract negotiationGeneral corporate financial projectsPresentation of board materialsProven business partnering skills with the ability to communicate financial information in a concise and accessible manner to non-finance personnel and management"
"3064506386"	"Data Engineering Business Analyst"	"Tudor Investment Corporation"	2019-01-16	149	167	157	2.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=120&ao=8095&s=58&guid=00000168765d85528217397f746e0884&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_b64cd564&cb=1548174067797&jobListingId=3064506386"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	" The Business Analyst focusing on Data Engineering and Business Intelligence efforts will work with both Business and Information Technology stakeholders to define, plan, prioritize, and deliver projects. The candidate will establish a development and deployment framework, which will include testing and monitoring around the project/product. This person will devote time to working with internal and external resources to re-engineer the firms' usage of data content which includes data acquisition, cleaning, monitoring, and delivery. This individual will develop and maintain internal client relationships and be the primary point of contact for the business to IT in the Data Engineering and Business Intelligence space. ResponsibilitiesAnalyze problems facing our clients, capturing and documenting the functional requirements.Work closely with the Data Services team to re-engineer the management and delivery of data content used by the firm.Work closely with business users and IT counterparts to understand current workflows, gather business/functional requirements, identify potential improvements, and manage client relationships.Working with leaders within IT and Technical Business Users, establish a development and deployment framework specifically for python and other tools used for Business Intelligence activities.Enforce uniform and consistent methods of delivery of data content to end users.Ensure the communication workflow and alignment across IT teams on a given project.Define and create project plans for project and product prioritization and implementationBuild and execute test cases that confirm the solution meets business requirements. Additionally, aid the design of regression and integration tests by identifying relevant test cases.Author and present status updates, open questions, project health, etc. to stakeholders and steering committees.Evaluate trade-offs between project size and complexity, cost, urgency, risk, and stakeholder valuePartner with business sponsors to define success metrics and criteriaBuild, lead, and coach project teams throughout project lifecyclesAssess and resolve all high priority project risks as they are encounteredEnsure all projects adhere to project methodology compliance standards set by the companyContinually update relevant business stakeholder of project status Job Requirements5-10 years' experience at a financial firm in a business analysis / project management role or 5-10 years' experience managing a large data re-engineering product/project.Bachelor's degree in majors that bridge Computer Science and BusinessAn advanced degree and/or Project Management certification is strongly desiredAbility to communicate with the Front Office communityStrong analytical skills with the ability to work with complex multi-faceted issues.Ability to prepare and present complex data in a simple, understandable manner.Ability to perform successfully in a fast paced, rapidly changing environment and manage multiple priorities and assignments concurrently.Understanding of various financial instruments, financial data and experience in the Hedge Fund environment are a plus.Experience delivering APIs/data access for front office users is a plus. Technical SkillsUnderstanding of software development lifecycles (i.e. Agile, SCRUM, Waterfall, Iterative)Proficient with the Project and Portfolio Management Tools (Visio, MS Project, Clarity, etc.)"
"3031127712"	"Data Discovery Operations Analyst"	"Two Sigma"	2019-01-16	93	125	108	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=413086&s=149&guid=00000168765d8552a86f7953e5bc4a97&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_9cba3c4c&cb=1548174067765&jobListingId=3031127712"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	" With the breathtaking pace at which data is growing, and with new types of data coming online and new hypotheses becoming measurable, we continue to face the inspiring and exciting challenge to reveal value in the world’s data. We are seeking intellectually curious and creative analysts who are deeply passionate about data exploration, augmentation, and analysis to join our team. In this role, you will partner with our close-knit team of data sourcing colleagues, engineers, quantitative researchers, and data scientists to translate data into actionable insights and to accelerate our vibrant research pipeline. Key responsibilities include: While financial industry experience is a plus, we are open-minded in our search for critical thinkers who are passionate about technology and data.Operating and extending our data discovery platform to allow for colleagues to discover, trial and purchase datasetsIdentifying and generating reports about our workflowsProject management of various data pipelines to ensure that new datasets are constantly being evaluated Requirements include:A strong academic track record with university coursework or related data analysis experience.Applied data analysis experience, especially using popular scripting languages (particularly Python) and/or data analysis tools and languages (PyData, R, Julia, Matlab, Tableau).Deep intellectual curiosity and passion for data.Excellent problem solving, communication, and analytical skills.Eagerness to work in an evolving and fast-paced environment."
"3067748306"	"Analytics & Insights Senior Data Analyst"	"Uber"	2019-01-19	101	130	113	4.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=106&ao=134571&s=58&guid=00000168765d85528217397f746e0884&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_de790608&cb=1548174067797&jobListingId=3067748306"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	" At Uber, we ignite opportunity by setting the world in motion. We take on big problems to help drivers, riders, delivery partners, and eaters get moving in more than 600 cities around the world. We welcome people from all backgrounds who seek the opportunity to help build a future where everyone and everything can move independently. If you have the curiosity, passion, and collaborative spirit, work with us, and lets move the world forward, together.  About the Role As a member of the Uber Eats Analytics & Insights team, the Senior Data Analyst will drive the analyses behind decisions related to our community's support experience and management of Uber Eats Restaurant support. Youll work with a cross functional team of product managers, business leaders, and Ubers customer support network to address the complex challenges of scaling our business while building out a world-class support network for our restaurant partners. The Senior Data Analyst will play a big part in developing our strategy to scale restaurant support as we develop onboarding, engagement and retention strategies. You will apply advanced analytics skills like experimental design and statistical modeling, along with advanced reporting through R and Python. The ideal candidate for this role has excellent analytical and time-management skills, with the ability to communicate and present information for stakeholders at all levels of the business. You should apply for this position if you possess a passion for improving techniques, processes, tracking, analytical insights and technology used by restaurant support team to achieve our bold goals.  What Youll Do Own data analysis and visualization, and communicate the outcomes/insights to various stakeholders including senior management to aid strategic decisions for improvements in support experience for drivers and riders Coordinate with other members of the Community Operations Team to measure the impact and efficiency of new products and business processes Develop analytical frameworks to support decision making in the US and Canada Partner closely with Uber Eats Restaurant Support team to provide insights that drive decisions around process, policy and service model Build, maintain, and communicate detailed reporting & models Develop dashboards that provide reliable insights and visualization into the restaurant experience Implement and analyze A/B experiments What Youll Need Bachelors Degree Minimum 3-4 years of data science, business intelligence, investment banking, consulting or related experience Expertise in SQL ( Hive or Presto experience a plus) Experience with R and/or Python (fluency in either language preferred) Strong teamwork skills and desire to help others learn Exceptional data management skills Strong communication and organization skills Hustle and entrepreneurship - driven and focused self-starter Strategic mindset - you're comfortable thinking a few steps ahead of where the team is at now Bonus Points If High-growth analytics or operations experience Experience working in a support environment (contact management analytics, Zendesk API familiarity, etc.) Experience in advanced reporting tools such as R Shiny, Dash, or Bokeh About the Team The NorthAm Community Operations team ensures that we are providing high-quality support at scale. The Analytics & Insights team is tasked with providing critical business insights to help identify opportunities and implement operational improvements across our entire organization."
"3090808525"	"Senior Business Analyst - Business Systems Consultant 6"	"Wells Fargo"	2019-01-18	94	140	114	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=111&ao=233051&s=58&guid=00000168765d8b62bd012df5a51357b7&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_d65a8930&cb=1548174069203&jobListingId=3090808525"	2019-01-22 11:21:44	"Job DescriptionWells Fargos Enterprise Data Lake (EDL) is built on Hadoop big data platform. It will host all the critical and strategic data from all business lines of Wells Fargo, such as Capital Markets, Wholesale Banking, Consumer Banking, Wealth and Investment Management, Corporate functions, etc. Enterprise Data Lake plays an important role to support Wells Fargos Data Blueprint strategies to enable business capabilities, advance analytics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence initiatives. EDL handles real time, batch, and ad-hoc data in various data formats.  This candidate will be responsible for the metadata management and data analysis within the EDLs Data Management and Data Governance team. The candidate is responsible to work with various stakeholders, such as the business lines, technology partners, and the onshore/offshore EDL team members to ensure required metadata information are properly collected / harvested in the Enterprise Data Lake. This candidate is also responsible to ensure data is ingested into the Data Lake appropriately per Data Management Solutions (DMS) guidelines.Required Qualifications10+ years of business systems analysis experience, design experience, or a combination of both5+ years of financial industry experience5 + years of computer application development experienceDesired QualificationsExcellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skillsExperience with Hortonworks, Mapr, Cloudera or Hadoop experience in other distros5+ years of SQL experienceKnowledge and understanding of data governance challenges and approaches: metadata, data quality, and data stewardshipOther Desired QualificationsNice to have skillsets: Financial product knowledge in one of the following business areas: Capital market, wholesale banking, consumer banking, or wealth & investment managementStrong analytical skills, expertise in data analysis and research covering various data set using Hadoop and relational database technologies platform to produce more insight for business intelligenceKnowledge of applicable data analysis approach and metrics from business perspective and risk perspectiveExperienced in taking business requirements and translating into IT implementations.Independent thinker who can think out of box and provide thought leadership to business and IT communitiesJob ExpectationsAbility to travel up to 10% of the timeStreet AddressCA-SF-Financial District: 333 Market St - San Francisco, CA NY-New York: 150 E 42nd St - New York, NY NC-Charlotte: 301 S Tryon St - Charlotte, NC NJ-North Brunswick: 100 Fidelity Plz - North Brunswick, NJDisclaimerAll offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.  Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.  Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation."
