"jobListingId"	"title"	"company"	"last_updated"	"salary_min_est"	"salary_max_est"	"salary_est"	"review"	"url"	"run_time"	"description"
"3146297726"	"Business Intelligence Engineer"	"1stdibs.com"	2019-03-10	91	127	111	4.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=118&ao=85058&s=58&guid=0000016972baf25082f04ed856c87a6a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_5b817f31&cb=1552408048884&jobListingId=3146297726"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	" Job DescriptionHere at 1stdibs one of our core values is ‘Say It With Data’ and we are looking for an exceptional Business Intelligence Engineer to join our Engineering team. As our data needs and infrastructure continue to grow, we are seeking our ideal teammate to help us build durable, scalable processes and tools to help support our ever-growing demand for quantitative metrics to advise our business decisions. From Audience Segmentation to Sales Growth Analysis to A/B Variant Testing, data drives all aspects of our business forward.  In this role, you will have the opportunity to learn and develop expertise around how a luxury e-commerce marketplace leverages data to drive its business decisions. You will partner with cross-functional teams including Product and Marketing to help define the roadmap, drive data strategy, and prioritize initiatives. You will improve and refine your business acumen by constantly balancing the needs of technical implementation, feature optimization and analytical measurement. What you’ll doWork closely with various cross-functional stakeholders such as e-commerce, performance marketing, content, technology, product and advertising to capture the data needed to drive business decisionsValidate accuracy and completeness of data captured, and maintain technical documentationPartner with Analytics team to ensure captured data meets the reporting/dashboarding requirementsReview data trends post-implementation to confirm accuracy and identify anomaliesAssist Analytics in automating reporting and data requestsHelp design A/B test experiments and assist in reporting on experiment resultsWhat you'll bringB.S. in computer science, business analytics or a quantitative field1-3 years of relevant experience working with data to drive business intelligenceExperience working with Web Analytic software (Google Analytics, Adobe Omniture)Exposure to BI software (Looker, Tableau, Chartio, SSRS/SSAS, etc.)Ability to translate and document business requirements into site tracking and reporting guidelinesProficiency in identifying/interpreting trends and anomalies in data, and troubleshooting accordinglyStrong organizational skills/attention to detail and capacity to manage multiple projects simultaneouslyExceptional verbal and written communication skillsNice to havesData modeling experience in data warehouses or RDBS (Redshift, MySQL, Postgres)Familiarity with debugging tools such as Chrome Debugger, Fiddler, HttPWatch, etc.Exposure to web development tools (HTML/JavaScript/ DOM)Experience with querying languages (SQL) and some flavor of database (relational or otherwise)Knowledge of version control (GitHub) 1stdibs is the world’s largest online luxury marketplace for rare and desirable objects. It has become the go-to source for the world's leading interior designers and consumers to find antiques, furniture, jewelry, vintage fashion and fine art.  Backed by Benchmark Capital, Insight Venture Partners, Index Ventures, Spark Capital and Alibaba, 1stdibs is a unique blend of expert curators and seasoned Internet executives from companies including Amazon, Google, eBay, Mlb.com, PayPal, and Twitter. 1stdibs is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and we are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees."
"3147793215"	"Business Intelligence Engineer"	"Amazon"	2019-03-12	83	115	100	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=115&ao=133043&s=58&guid=0000016972baf25082f04ed856c87a6a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_741c254a&cb=1552408048884&jobListingId=3147793215"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	" Amazons Advertising Analytics and Insights (A&I) team is looking for a motivated and experienced Business Intelligence Engineer to help us build a new global visualization and reporting product to support the needs of our largest global advertisers. We are a startup within one of the fastest growing and most strategic parts of Amazon. Our team owns the product, technology and deployment roadmap for advanced analytics and insight products across our advertiser success team. Advertiser success is core to Amazons growth, as it helps our suppliers drive awareness, consideration, and purchase of their products by hundreds of millions of consumers around the world, and generates revenue which helps us lower prices and invest in improvements to our customer experience. We are a highly motivated, collaborative and fun-loving team with an entrepreneurial spirit and bias for action. With a broad mandate to experiment and innovate, we are growing at an unprecedented rate with a seemingly endless range of new opportunities.  In this role, you work individually and with your team to create a new global visualization and reporting product that will provide a clear and over-arching view of the largest global brands advertising investments. You build on Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Amazon QuickSight, our cloud-powered business intelligence (BI) service. The product will show metrics on topics such as campaign delivery and return on advertising investment, and it will span multiple countries and multiple advertising channels, such as display and search. You engage with internal partners to understand the needs of the business, and you design, develop, and maintain metrics, reports, dashboards, visualizations, etc. You drive operational excellence for data ingestion, transformation and publication to ensure confidence in the systems that we build. You deeply analyze results to understand and explain what the data has to say and how it can be used. We are looking for a leader who can thrive in a startup environment, thinks big, moves fast, and wants to change the way customers use data to drive business success. If you are passionate about creating the future, come join us as we work hard, have fun, and make history. Basic Qualifications · 2+ years of professional experience in analytics, business analysis or comparable position  · Bachelor's degree in computer science, business, engineering, or a related field  · Proficiency in SQL and Excel  · Scripting/automation in Python, Java, or other programming language  · Understanding of ETL, data warehousing and data modeling concepts and practices  · Excellent verbal and written communication skills Preferred Qualifications · Masters degree in business, engineering, or a related field  · Track record of successfully delivering complex projects and/or data visualizations to customers  · Experience with data visualization tools such as QuickSight, QlikView, Power BI, or Tableau  · Familiarity with Amazon Web Services technologies  · Understanding of common advertising metrics and KPIs  Amazon.com is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age  #adsto "
"2907798529"	"Data Scientist"	"Asana"	2019-03-07	95	132	113	4.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=118&ao=504668&s=58&guid=0000016972bae92b83eaeabb0d9ebe76&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_8eb350ad&cb=1552408046813&jobListingId=2907798529"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	" The Data team works closely with our product, customer success, and sales teams; we help ask questions the right way… and then find those answers. Our data informs us of the impact we are having on the world, and our team is crucial to architecting and building our data infrastructure. We also design and use data analysis tools that increase our data’s scalability, accuracy, and accessibility. We understand our company’s goals and proactively inform their direction with data so that our product can help more teams do great things. We are looking for the first New York-based Data Scientist, who will collaborate closely with both New York product teams and the rest of the Data team, based in San Francisco. Typical responsibilities:Designing and analyzing experiments to measure the impact of new product featuresInvestigating high-level questions like “What are the collaborative patterns of the most successful teams using Asana?”Adding new metrics and aggregations to our data warehouse to make new classes of questions answerableBuilding models to predict the growth trajectory of different customer segmentsRequirements:3+ years of experience in applying data science techniques to drive technical product development and decision-makingStrong technical background in computer science, statistics, math, information science, or another quantitative fieldFluency in at least one modern language useful for data processing (e.g. Python, Scala)Proficiency with relational data modeling and SQLExpertise in statistical methods and experimental design and analysisDesirable:Familiarity with distributed data processing systems (e.g. Spark, Redshift)Background in advanced statistical modeling (e.g. GLM, mixed effects) and/or machine learningExperience collaborating with teammates in other locations Does the above sound like it might be you? Then we’d love to hear from you. Our goal is to provide a hiring and working experience in which all people know they are equally respected and valued. So whatever it is that makes you unique—your gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, age, citizenship, educational background, socioeconomic status—we value it, and we’d love to see what you might add to our team.Asana named a 2019 Best Place to Work in NYChttps://asa.na/62f"
"3147018993"	"Data Analytics - Analyst"	"Barclays"	2019-03-11	90	140	113	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=135832&s=58&guid=0000016972bae92b83eaeabb0d9ebe76&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_399f2d49&cb=1552408046812&jobListingId=3147018993"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	"Job  Title: Data Analytics – Analyst - 90218326Location:  1301 Ave of the Americas, New York, New YorkAbout  Us Barclays  is a transatlantic consumer, corporate and investment bank offering products  and services across personal, corporate and investment banking, credit cards  and wealth management, with a strong presence in our two home markets of the UK  and the US. Our goal is to become the bank of choice by providing superior  services to customers and clients and supporting our stakeholders via a  commercially successful business that generates long-term sustainable returns.  About Barclays in the US  Barclays offers corporate  and investment banking and credit card services in the US. Our 10,000 US  colleagues are located in offices across the country, with headquarters in New  York City. In 2017, Barclays announced plans to create a world-class campus in  Whippany, New Jersey, for our Technology, Operations and Functional teams in  the US. Other principal locations include Delaware, Nevada, Ohio and Maine.  About Barclays Internal Audit  Barclays Internal Audit  (BIA) Vision: Leaders in Assurance  ·  Be  Brilliant: Leading edge assurance; Leading edge people; Leading edge thinking  ·  Be  Impactful: In the business; In the community and In the profession  ·  Be  Agile: Be independent, a respected voice, innovative and efficient.  BIA  Overview: BIA aims to provide  independent, reliable, valued, insightful and timely assurance to the Board and  executive management over the effectiveness of governance, risk management and  control over current and evolving risks, in the context of the current and  expected business environment and in accordance with the international  standards definition of internal auditing.  Overall Purpose of role  Work collaboratively with others across  BIA, while developing strong client relationships which are independent and be  seen as a respected voice. Develop  practical and innovative ways of improving audit delivery through the use of data  analytics. Your  Role ·  Develop  sustainable and re-useable Data Analytics test to improve the efficiency of BIA  and to improve audit coverage.  ·  Support  audit delivery teams to identify opportunities for Data Analytics.  ·  Provide  training to audit staff on how to develop and execute basic analytics.  ·  Maintain  a library of re-usable data analytics.  ·  Maintain  appropriate documentation of code and create data dictionary including  definitions (where appropriate).  ·  Build  self-service tools/dashboards/warehouse/data lakes. Maintain common data used  by audit delivery teams.  ·  Assist  with data cleaning and preparation for audit delivery teams. Basic  Qualifications/Skills · 2  years’ practical experience and expert level knowledge of data analysis with  any RDBMS/SQL.  · 1  years’ Data Analysis/Mining/Scripting experience R/Python/SAS.  · 1  years’ Data Visualization experience in Python  Django/Tableau/Spotfire/Qlikview/d3.js. Preferred  Qualifications/Skills ·  Experience  with advanced analytics/Machine learning (Decision  Trees/Clustering/HMM/Tensorflow).  ·  Experience  in data warehouse design, Informatica, Unix.  ·  Analytics  experience within an internal/external audit or risk management function.  ·  Degree  in Computer Science / Statistics or related discipline.  ·  Knowledge  about new and emerging data analytics technologies.  ·  Experience  with Financial Services/Financial Products. Risk and  Control Objective All Barclays  colleagues have to ensure that all activities and duties are carried out in  full compliance with regulatory requirements, Enterprise Wide Risk Management  Framework and internal Barclays Policies and Policy Standards. Your Application To be  considered for this role, click on the apply button now. Barclays  Values & Diversity Dynamic working gives  everyone at Barclays the opportunity to integrate professional and personal  lives, if you have a need for flexibility then please discuss this with the  hiring manager. We are an equal  opportunity employer and we are opposed to discrimination on any grounds. It is  the policy of Barclays to ensure equal employment opportunity without  discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, colour, creed, religion,  national origin, alienage or citizenship status, age, sex, sexual orientation,  gender identity or expression, marital or domestic/civil partnership status,  disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected  by law."
"3147835470"	"Data Engineer"	"Betterment"	2019-03-12	135	182	156	4.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=85058&s=58&guid=0000016972baf25082f04ed856c87a6a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_d1632bac&cb=1552408048884&jobListingId=3147835470"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	" Job DescriptionAbout the right team member:As a Data Engineer at Betterment, you will tackle a diverse set of data-oriented problems, working with a wide range of teams and learning a great deal about finance in the process. One morning you might work with our Finance team to construct data domains in Redshift that will allow them to hone and quickly tweak our financial model, and then spend the afternoon strategizing with our front-end application team on how to coordinate internal APIs that allow us to serve up historical data to customers in our applications. The next day you might assist our Operations team in automating the production of equities reconciliation reports, then close out the evening by hopping over to our Data Science team to get them the data they need to compare the effectiveness of TV advertisements in San Francisco and New York. If there’s data involved, you’re the one curating it - making it accessible, and ensuring it’s correct. A Data Engineer at Betterment can expect to approach tasks such as these on a daily basis, leveraging our existing processes and using their prior experience to improve the way we handle data at Betterment.At Betterment you will get to: Work on increasing the efficiency of our ETL processes as the size of Betterment’s data grows 10x annuallyExplore new technologies that will allow us to keep our internal API response times low even as throughput growsMove quickly to provide analysts with new data before they ask for itInvestigate how we can enhance our logging and monitoring to discover and resolve issues before they cause problemsThink about scale and new technologies that will enable us to achieve a high level of service as Betterment is managing hundreds of billions of dollars You will be effective if you have: Have deep expertise in at least one object-oriented language, such as Java, Ruby, or PythonKnow how to handle an explosion of data without missing a beatCan optimize a query with the best of themAre the person at your current job that everyone goes to for database help, even though you aren’t necessarily a DBAAre so good at automating things that you’re constantly programming yourself out of a jobHave a passion for software engineering, and for creating what doesn’t existKnow how to make the tradeoffs required to ship without compromising qualityAppreciate agility and pragmatism in software developmentThrive in a startup environmentHave the grit to see projects through to their conclusionTools in your belt:Development: OO languages such as Python, frameworks such as Flask or Ruby on Rails, Advanced SQLDatastores: Redshift or other columnar stores, Postgres, MySQL, DynamoDB or other NoSQL storesTechnologies: Event Streaming, Caching tools, MapReducePlatforms: AWS! Betterment’s Data Engineering team spends most of its time with the tools above, but we cast a much wider net in other parts of the engineering team. We strive to always choose the best tool for the job. We maintain most of our ETL and orchestration in Python, but we serve up data to customers through APIs in a lightweight caching application built in Rails. The person for whom we’re looking will be a pro who can guide both our data pipeline development as well as our customer-facing APIs.About BettermentBetterment is the largest independent online financial advisor with more than $13 billion in assets under management. The service is designed to help increase customers’ long-term returns and lower taxes for retirement planning, building wealth, and other financial goals. Betterment takes advanced investment strategies and uses technology to deliver them to more than 330,000 customers across its three business lines: direct-to-consumer, Betterment for Advisors, and Betterment for Business.Learn more.Come join us!"
"3148072113"	"Bloomberg Intelligence - Patent Litigation Research Associate"	"Bloomberg"	2019-03-12	70	113	87	3.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=128&ao=133460&s=58&guid=0000016972baf25082f04ed856c87a6a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_8f434e5a&cb=1552408048884&jobListingId=3148072113"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	"Companies are the backbone of the stock and bond markets. Bloomberg Intelligence (\"BI\") conducts in-depth research on large and midsize companies to help stock and bond investors effectively evaluate those companies. We analyze the unique attributes of each business, how it competes against other companies in its industry and how the business strategies and successes translate into financial results. Our analysts also research the technology, regulation, litigation and economies that will shape the environment for these companies and the related industry impact.  BI research is a combination of written analysis accompanied by interactive charting and analytics created from company reported data as well as industry and government data. Analysts review, check and curate this data into comprehensive and logically arranged dashboards to support their own research and to provide Bloomberg Terminal users a platform to view and analyze the data as well.  You would be part of this fast-growing team responsible for determining the impact of government legislation, contracts, regulations, and litigation on industry, companies and financial markets.What's the role?Identify and monitor key litigation that have potential to impact business and the markets over issues relating to intellectual propertySearch and track meaningful docketsHelp research and maintain Bloomberg's Litigation Watch listsBuild and maintain database of court local rules and court statisticsSupport Bloomberg Industries analysts in the creation of breaking analysis of court decisions as well as contemplative analysis of ongoing and related litigationIdentify, support and maintain critical litigation-related data and functionality on the Bloomberg terminalYou'll need to have:Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Science or related field preferredJD preferredBiotech/Pharma experience required2 or more years of U.S. patent prosecution and litigation support experienceKnowledge of dockets, U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, World Intellectual Property and European Patent Office databasesCopyright, trademark experience a plusStrong writing skills are criticalExcellent oral communication and presentation skillsDemonstrable research and analytical skillsData analysis experience, such as Excel masteryStrong organization skills and capable of handling multiple projectsCommitment to enhancing and developing productsAbility to meet deadlines, logically tackle problems and set prioritiesMust be willing to travel to regional offices as neededKnowledge of federal and state court rules a plusWorking knowledge of Bloomberg Professional service a plus. If this sounds like you:Apply if you think we're a good match and we'll get in touch with you to let you know next steps. In the meantime, check outhttp://www.bloomberg.com/professional/bloomberg-intelligence/.  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status."
"3148142297"	"Data Analyst III"	"Centene Corporation"	2019-03-12	75	106	90	3.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=462116&s=149&guid=0000016972bae92bb0d2087c25cf786e&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_a2e880be&cb=1552408046772&jobListingId=3148142297"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	" ProfessionalPosition Purpose: Responsible for analytic data needs of the business unit. Handle complex data projects and acts as a lead for other Data Analysts.  Provide advanced analytical support for business operations in all or some of the following areas: claims, provider data, member data, clinical data, HEDIS, pharmacy, external reporting Extract, load, model, and reconcile large amounts of data across multiple system platforms and sources Review data to determine operational impacts and needed actions; elevate issues, trends, areas for improvement and opportunities to management. Develop reports and deliverables for management Model data using MS Excel, Access, SQL, and/or other data ware house analytical tools Ensure compliance with federal and state deliverable reporting requirements by performing data quality audits and analysis. Assist with training and mentoring other Data Analysts. Education/Experience: Bachelors degree in related field or equivalent experience. 4+ years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience. Healthcare experience preferred. Advanced knowledge of Enterprise Reporting and Analysis tools, SQL, and Microsoft Office applications, including Excel and Access. Experience managing projects or heavy involvement in project implementation. HEDIS: Bachelors degree related field or equivalent experience. 4+ years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience or 2-4 years of HEDIS data analysis experience including measurement and rates impacted. Advanced knowledge of Business Intelligence Tools, SQL, and Microsoft Applications, including Excel and Access. BUSINESS ANALYTICS:: Bachelors degree in related field or equivalent experience. 4+ years of statistical analysis or 2+ years of related IT experience, including data warehouse, coding or ETL experience. Healthcare experience preferred. Advanced knowledge of Enterprise Reporting and Analysis tools, SQL, and Microsoft Office applications, including Excel and Access. Experience managing projects or heavy involvement in project implementation. Encounters experience preferred. Data Governance: Bachelors degree in related field or equivalent experience. 4+ years of data analysis or 2+ years of related IT experience, including data warehouse. Healthcare experience preferred. Advanced knowledge of, Microsoft Office applications, including Excel and Access. Experience managing projects or heavy involvement in project implementation. HRIS Bachelors degree in related field or equivalent experience. 4+ years of related IT experience and/or data analysis experience, including 2+ years experience with HRMS such as PeopleSoft, SAP or Workday. Healthcare experience preferred. Advanced knowledge of Enterprise Reporting and Analysis tools, SQL, and Microsoft Office applications, including Excel and Access. Strong understanding of HRMS database design, structure, functions and processes, and experience with databases tools. Supports HR systems as functional administrator evaluating new release functionality to include testing and implementation of new functionality. Experience managing projects or heavy involvement in project implementation.  Centene is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity, and values the ways in which we are different. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other characteristic protected by applicable law."
"3024294652"	"Data Analyst / Scientist"	"Centric Digital"	2019-03-06	69	113	88	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=124&ao=66506&s=58&guid=0000016972bae92b83eaeabb0d9ebe76&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_e3d748ad&cb=1552408046813&jobListingId=3024294652"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	" At Centric Digital, we are building products that measure and raise digital intelligence. Our comprehensive data driven insights enable brands across all industries to make strategic decisions about enterprise wide digital capabilities that drive shareholder, customer and organizational value.  We are looking for a Data Analyst/Scientist to help transform large amounts of behavioral, financial, attitudinal and trends data into insights that power our products. By applying advanced data analysis techniques, you will play a critical role in driving new opportunities for the organization and ensuring our clients derive maximum value from our data. The ideal candidate is a strong communicator and data champion who gets excited about both uncovering and sharing insights that drive impact. He/she must be resilient, have a positive attitude and be comfortable working with cross functional teams in a lean environment.  ABOUT THE ROLE Work closely with product and engineering leaders to extract data, perform statistical analysis, produce algorithms, data models and visualizations that solve problems and inform decision making related to data strategy, product design, customer success and solution delivery priorities across the orgDevelop processes and tools as needed to monitor and analyze data integrity and model performance with a keen eye towards automation and scaleSupport the assessment and testing of new data acquisition initiativesCreate meaningful internal and external analyses that tell a story focused on insights, not just dataAct as data champion with the ability to articulate statistical concepts and educate internal and external audiences as neededPerform ad-hoc analyses and wear multiple hats as required in a lean, growth stage environment ABOUT YOU Bachelors or Masters degree in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Data Science or related field with minimum of 3 years relevant work experienceStrong written and verbal communication skills with ability to effectively convey complex concepts to both technical and non-technical audiencesDemonstrable expertise with SQL relational databases as well as big dataExperience deciphering appropriate data visualization tools to communicate insightsSolid understanding of computer science and software engineering fundamentalsMaturity and know-how to prioritize work with a focus on driving impactExperience building end-customer facing products with data or modeling is a plus"
"3142790901"	"Data Engineer"	"Compass"	2019-03-06	102	138	118	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=127&ao=85058&s=58&guid=0000016972baf25082f04ed856c87a6a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_d73ff1c9&cb=1552408048884&jobListingId=3142790901"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	" Job DescriptionAs a Data Engineer at Compass, you will be responsible for helping to build the data-driven decision-making culture throughout the organization. You’ll work as part of a rapidly growing team in a fast-paced environment. You will be responsible for designing and managing large-scale data systems that impact multiple functions and teams across the organization. In this high impact role you will have an opportunity to work with emerging technologies, while driving data warehousing solutions end-to-end. You are someone who loves data and analytics, understands enterprise information systems, and has a strong business sense. At Compass You Will:Design, develop, and implement the infrastructure that elevates data-driven decision-making for our proprietary real estate technologyWork with the enterprise business systems that facilitate end to end experience of real estate transactionsWork with company business stakeholders and Product and Engineering teams to define analytical requirementsDeliver flexible and scalable solutions collecting process-level data and transforming it into enterprise wide data warehouse from which operational and process metrics and analysis can be reliably generatedThis position is responsible for:Drive the design, build and implementation of new data models in productionUtilizing the best practices, design and build highly performant Redshift database structuresParticipate in defining the enterprise data architecture - data lake, data warehouse and required ETL processesDefine and implement processes required to achieve high Redshift system reliabilityPerform Redshift database administration activities – database sizing, performance monitoring, identifying and optimizing low performing processes What we’re looking for:Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field10+ years of experience building Data WarehousesWorking knowledge of relational databases;5+ years hands on experience building dimensional data marts and scalable ETL data pipesStrong hands on experience with Amazon Redshift database and understanding it’s innerworkings is a mustExpert level knowledge of dimensional modeling and master data managementUnderstanding Redshift database design best practices, and extensive experience building large Redshift databasesExperience with managing Amazon Redshift clusters and AWS platformFamiliarity with ETL tools like Informatica, Pentaho, Talend is a big plusExperience working with structured, semi-structured and non-structured data sourcesFamiliarity with distributed processing technologies like EMR, Hive, SparkPython scripting experience, and understanding of data analysis libraries like Pandas is a plusComfortable in Linux environmentStrong business communication skills At Compass, our mission is to help everyone find their place in the world. This means we continually celebrate the diverse community different individuals cultivate. As an equal opportunity employer, we stay true to our mission by ensuring that our place can be anyone’s place.  Check out our Engineering blog!"
"3142278445"	"Audience Data Analyst"	"Dow Jones"	2019-03-07	70	116	90	3.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=135398&s=58&guid=0000016972bae92b83eaeabb0d9ebe76&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_04d461f6&cb=1552408046813&jobListingId=3142278445"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	"Job Description: The Wall Street Journal is looking for audience data analysts to help deliver critical digital insights and visualizations of them for the newsroom. These people will present insights to senior editors and help guide strategy across content areas and multiple ongoing projects. They will also be instrumental in the creation of new dashboards and metrics for the broader newsroom that will help with audience segmentation projects.  The Journal has a large digital audience that is quickly growing. As we grow, we are dedicated to understanding all of our audiences and the value we provide them. The audience data analysts are part of our new Data Solutions department, which is using data science and predictive modeling to help us engage better with our audiences.  The Data Solutions team is part of the Journals Strategy unit, which is an incubator for new technologies, audience growth, community and news innovation. As a member of Data Solutions, you will work closely with writers, video journalists, graphics designers, editors, product managers, engineers, designers, data scientists, artificial intelligence experts and more in a lively, collaborative project to discover new offerings of journalistic value. You will also work closely with newsroom leadership as well as the Journals visual, product, design and engineering departments. There is room in these roles to develop both journalism skills and data science skills, and career paths from these jobs can lead in multiple directions.  Its essential to have an enthusiasm for news and the public mission of journalism in these jobs. The Journal is the most trusted news outlet in the country, and it has made great strides in recent years in integrating audience insights into the newsroom. This new team will build on that.  Requirements: The ability to manage, organize and present data in a clear, concise and actionable formatThe ability to turn raw data into visual insights to help support newsroom decisions. Must have skills appropriate for advanced visual and data journalism, including knowledge of D3 and Illustrator; command of HTML, CSS and JS; a scripting language such as Python or Ruby; statistics languages such as R; experience working in SQL; mapping applications such as QGIS; and experience with Linux and cloud-based services. Experience with Tableau or Looker is helpful but not required.Knowledge of data analytics tools, including Omniture, Google Analytics, Parse.ly or ChartbeatGreat communication skills to be able to teach editors and reporters how to use tools and think about audience dataFlexible and able to manage multiple assignments in a dynamic environmentEditorial/journalism background preferredLI-JA1-WSJDow Jones , Making Careers Newsworthy  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets .  Dow Jones is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities, in our job application and/or interview process. If you need assistance or accommodation in completing your application, due to a disability, please reach out to us at TalentResourceTeam@dowjones.com . Please put Reasonable Accommodation\" in the subject line.  Business Area: NEWS/WSJ  Job Category: News/Editorial Group About Us The Wall Street Journal is a global news organization that provides leading news, information, commentary and analysis. The Wall Street Journal engages readers across print, digital, mobile, social, and video. Building on its heritage as the preeminent source of global business and financial news, the Journal includes coverage of U.S. and world news, politics, arts, culture, lifestyle, sports, and health. It holds 36 Pulitzer Prizes for outstanding journalism. The Wall Street Journal is published by Dow Jones, a division of News Corp (NASDAQ: NWS, NWSA; ASX: NWS, NWSLV). If you are a current employee at Dow Jones, do not apply here. Please go to the Career section on your Workday homepage and view \"Find Jobs - Dow Jones.\" Thank you. Req ID: 15841"
"2859045410"	"Quantitative Data Analyst"	"Flatiron Health"	2019-03-08	66	104	84	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=119&ao=8095&s=58&guid=0000016972bae92b83eaeabb0d9ebe76&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_27db8108&cb=1552408046813&jobListingId=2859045410"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	" Flatiron Health has built a unified data set that is unparalleled in its depth and accuracy and gives our partners the capability to ask questions about data that weren't answerable until now. Our Quantitative Sciences team answers these questions.  We are looking for team members who are excited to make an immediate impact in a critical space. This position requires outstanding problem-solving, analytical and communication skills; experience with multitasking and prioritizing; and the tenacity to execute against deliverables in a timely, high-quality fashion. You will collaborate with a team of account directors, oncologists, product managers, and software engineers to help develop, commercialize, and deliver our analytics products.  Working in a rapidly expanding business, you will be consistently challenged to partner with Flatiron colleagues to answer important questions in cancer research. Responsibilities:Become a subject matter expert on our data and its capabilitiesTransform real-world clinical data into actionable insights using robust statistical methods and compelling data visualizations in formats accessible to a wide range of end usersWork with a cross-functional team to define and clarify analytic requirements, develop analysis plans, ensure data quality standards, and create publication-ready methods and resultsGenerate ideas for analyses to shape future projects, contributing to a pipeline of opportunities that will help Flatiron achieve its ambitious growth goalsRequirements:You hold a Bachelor's or Master's degree in a quantitative discipline, such as biostatistics, epidemiology, applied statistics, or health economics, or equivalent experienceYou have 1-3 years of relevant work experience analyzing real-world clinical dataYou love working with data and have experience exploring data with a critical and thoughtful eyeYou are proficient in a statistical programming language (we primarily use R, but are open to people with experience in any language)You are an effective communicator, both oral and writtenYou are self-motivated and flexible, thrive in highly uncertain situations, and enjoy coming up with elegant and innovative solutions to challenging problemsYou are a \"do-er\"-- you know how to balance attention to detail with execution against tight timelinesYou are passionate about our mission to improve healthcare through technologyYou are a highly-effective collaborator and are motivated by the opportunity to work with oncologists, software engineers, product managers, and other members of the Flatiron teamBonus Points:Oncology experienceConsulting experienceExperience working with longitudinal EMR data"
"3056785630"	"Business Intelligence Analyst - Apalon"	"IAC"	2019-03-07	75	105	89	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=37049&s=58&guid=0000016972baf25082f04ed856c87a6a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_4bd3fd3c&cb=1552408048884&jobListingId=3056785630"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	" As a division of IAC (Nasdaq: IAC), IACA Mobile brings together a unique collection of award-winning mobile technology companies to form one of the largest developers of mobile applications in the world. From language (iTranslate) to communications (RoboKiller) to fitness (Daily Burn) to utilities (NOAA Weather Radar), IACA Mobiles companies count millions of subscribers and have hundreds of millions of downloads annually.  Apalon is a leading developer of Android and iOS mobile applications for businesses and consumers. With one of the most popular app portfolios in the world, Apalons products reach more than 20 million monthly active users and include well-known titles such as WeatherLive, NOAA Radar, My Alarm Clock, Emoji Keypad and many more. A unique blend of passion and skills are at the core of our companys DNA, driving our team to produce top-rated, award-winning mobile experiences for millions of people around the world. In 2015, Apalon applications were downloaded from iTunes more than 100 million times. The role Reporting to the Director of BI & Analytics, the Business Intelligence Analyst must have a strong understanding of mobile app implementation best practices across a variety of third party SDKs for both tracking, advertising, and attribution purposes. The candidate must demonstrate experience or capacity to deliver integrations in reporting across IAC Apps mobile companies. In order to succeed, you will need to collaborate and align with product and marketing stakeholders to translate end-customer into concrete analytics deliverables implemented into our applications. The Analytics Business Analyst should be proactively addressing, documenting, and aligning integrations hand in hand with developers to deliver business objectives across functional areas. ResponsibilitiesDocument, maintain, and extend existing mobile analytics and 3rd party tags/tools, including: Firebase, Adjust, Mixpanel, etc.Implement tagging for new site content and functionality while adhering to existing implementations and following vendor and industry best practicesMust be able to identify gaps in the current data capture strategy and collaboratively apply enhancements; Work with internal teams to identify data enrichment opportunitiesSupport Analytics, Data Engineering, and Data Science teams throughout each phase of the ETL and analysis process, including QA of new data implementationWrite and manage user stories and acceptance criteria pertaining to analytics implementationsProactively engage with product to track user behavior using available data to recommend improvements on the websiteKeep up to date on 3rd party tool upgrades/changes in order to proactively ensure data continuity. Report any potential impacts to internal teamsBe an expert at the data structure and metrics of the various data sources (be able to explain how/why they differ from one another)Required Skills3+ years experience implementing digital systems2+ years experience administering Mobile Analytics Infrastructure (MixPanel, Firebase, Segment, Flurry, etc.)2+ years working with 3rd party/vendor APIs & client SDKs2+ years SQL experienceExperience with ETL tools and their usage, with a variety of source system platforms3+ years in a data analytics, reporting, data science or business intelligence role with an ability to blend and analyze multiple data setsFamiliarity with A/B and MVT testing principles (Optimizely, LeanPlum, etc.)Familiarity with data visualization tools (Tableau, Looker, Power BI, etc.)Passion for mobile applications with a solid understanding of interactive channelsExcellent verbal and written communication skills, including expert Excel and data display presentation*We embrace our diversity and strive to create an inclusive environment for all."
"3063256953"	"Business Analyst"	"Integral Ad Science"	2019-03-12	72	115	91	3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=509791&s=58&guid=0000016972bae92b83eaeabb0d9ebe76&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_6cbc05ff&cb=1552408046812&jobListingId=3063256953"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	" Are you looking to build your career in a fast-paced, innovative industry? Are you interested in joining a dynamic, global team of A-players? The Business Analyst is a critical, high visibility, global role in which the individual will have opportunity to shape the science behind the art of sales and work cross-functionally across multiple teams including finance, marketing, systems and sales.  This is a highly analytical, detail-oriented position based in NYC which requires the ability to build forecasts, determine the types of data points needed to answer business critical questions, prepare analysis and presentations, and draw actionable insights from large amounts of data from multiple data sources. We're looking for someone highly motivated and collaborative with an interest in media technology to join our growing team. The Business Analyst will report to the VP of Global Sales Strategy and Operations and be responsible for: What you'll do:Pipeline analysis and forecasting: Deeply understand and use platform, P&L, and Salesforce data to build accurate forecasts, pipeline analyses, and reports; partner with finance and marketing as needed to align on reporting parameters; deliver pipeline, revenue and cost analyses and forecasts on a regular cadence for multiple product lines, regions, and countriesAnalytic deep dives and insights: Conduct ad hoc analyses using platform, P&L, and Salesforce to deep dive into business issues; identify trends; draw actionable insights; build and distribute reports, dashboards, and presentations to communicate findingsPresentations: Prepare exec level presentations (regional MD and CRO) leveraging charts and tables of relevant data to validate hypothesesProblem-solving: Develop creative ways to answer business critical questions using data we have and determining what data we don't have and how we can obtain itWhat you'll need:4+ years experience in sales operations or equivalentExpertise building and using SFDC reporting and forecasting, experience using BI software to build reports and exporting data for analysis, and experience working with P&L dataHigh-functioning, fast-learning, organized team player; able to manage multiple requests in a timely manner under tight timelinesCross-functional collaboration experienceExcel/Google Sheets and Google Slides expertAttention to detailStrong communicationInterest in advertising/media technologyAbout Integral Ad Science Integral Ad Science (IAS) is a global technology and data company that builds verification, optimization, and analytics solutions to empower the advertising industry to effectively influence consumers everywhere, on every device. We solve the most pressing problems for brands, agencies, publishers, and technology companies by verifying that every impression has the opportunity to be effective, optimizing towards opportunities to consistently improve results, and analyzing digital's impact on consumer actions. Built on data science and engineering, IAS is headquartered in New York with global operations in ten countries. Our growth and innovation have been recognized in Inc. 500, Crain's Fast 50, Forbes America's Most Promising Companies, and I-COM's Smart Data Marketing Technology Company. IAS was also named to Crain's Best Places to Work in NYC for the past four years, Great Companies to Work For in NYS, and AdAge's list of Best Places to Work in the US the past two years.  To learn more about us, please visit www.integralads.com or http://bit.ly/glassdoorIAS Equal Opportunity Employer:IAS is an equal opportunity employer, committed to our diversity and inclusiveness. We will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, nationality, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, disability or age. We strongly encourage women, people of color, members of the LGBTQIA community, people with disabilities and veterans to apply. Attention agency/3rd party recruiters: IAS does not accept any unsolicited resumes or candidate profiles. If you are interested in becoming an IAS recruiting partner, please send an email introducing your company to recruitingagencies@integralads.com. We will get back to you if there's interest in a partnership. #LI-SK2"
"3148048922"	"Data Engineer"	"IntraEdge"	2019-03-12	90	125	106	3.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=129&ao=352788&s=58&guid=0000016972baf25082f04ed856c87a6a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_3b67095f&cb=1552408048885&jobListingId=3148048922"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	" The team is looking to expand their data models to multiple business units. As a result they require to add a couple more Data Engineers to their team.  The team is using AWS with Redshift and Lambdas. They have currently built their own data cleansing and loading pipelines.  They will look upon the Data Engineer to provide recommendations on tools, architecture and refactoring the current processes.The Data Enginer should have a strong background (3+ years) in Python. Should have worked with SQL based systems such as Postgres. And have a very sound knowledge of data management and storage principles."
"2959975032"	"Marketing Analytics Analyst"	"Kepler Group"	2019-03-12	64	104	82	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=112&ao=511747&s=58&guid=0000016972bae92b83eaeabb0d9ebe76&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_ab86f359&cb=1552408046813&jobListingId=2959975032"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	"Kepler executes engineered marketing, where every message and ad delivered helps create a more personalized and productive relationship between brands and their consumers. We do this by acting as clients' agency of record, as their in-house team, or some hybrid of the two and by harnessing data and technology across all paid digital media and data-driven CRM channels.Kepler prides itself on being a great place to work.We're transparent with our employees. You'll hear updates on company financials, how we're performing against bonus goals, and how we're responding to challenges we face.We're growing. For you, that means unparalleled growth opportunities and a role in shaping the direction of the company.We're fun. You'll work with and learn from the smartest people in the industry and have a blast doing it.The Marketing Analytics Analyst plays a critical role in ensuring client and company success, measuring digital campaign performance, developing deep insights to drive performance, and designing sophisticated testing plans.  This is exciting, entry-level position requires strong quantitative skills, a technical mindset, and a desire to be part of a tightly-knit team that's out to change the industry. Expect to learn A LOT about cool technologies, digital media, and marketing strategy quickly. What You Will Do:Measure impact of digital media channels and develop reporting dashboards for 1-2 brandsPartner with clients and internal teams to understand business and marketing goals, leveraging analytics to advance these goalsManage data entry into data visualization platform (i.e. Datorama) and any back-end functionality, in addition to designing client-facing reportingDevelop client insights and strategy reportsDesired Skills and Experience:Bachelor's degree with background in business/statistics/math/engineeringStrong analytical skills, and comfort with MS Excel, data analysis and internet technologiesStrong interest and/or experience in marketing and data science, ideally in digital media (including display, mobile, social and search)Excellent listening and communication skills with strong ability to create and build relationshipsAbility to self-manage, juggle multiple priorities, and pay strong attention to detailsAbility to contribute to fast-paced, entrepreneurial, team-based environment*Please note that, at this time and for this position, we cannot accommodate current or future sponsorship needs for US work authorization.*"
"3029954832"	"Business Intelligence Developer"	"Mindshare"	2019-03-11	72	104	84	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=124&ao=135142&s=58&guid=0000016972baf25082f04ed856c87a6a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_a9e2da42&cb=1552408048884&jobListingId=3029954832"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	"Business Title Business Intelligence Developer  19-Nov-2018 HR Department MMSN2GM - Mindshare N2 General Mgmt Agency Location (ie GroupM - New York) Mindshare - New York, NY Job Description Job Title: Senior Business Intelligence Developer  Summary  The Senior Business Intelligence Developer plays a key role in providing day-to-day management, and analytic support for our clients. Our project work ranges across numerous industries including CPG, Automotive, and Retail to name a few. The Data Technology team supports all our North American offices (New York, Chicago, LA, Atlanta). The ideal candidate has ownership for a key group of clients, maintains a strong relationship with the day-to-day client contacts and ensures a high level of customer satisfaction.  You will work within a team environment and will be challenged to make contributions in all project phases: Determination of Business Objectives, Data Architecting, Data Acquisition, Data Processing, Database Management, Analytics, Insight Generation and Presentation Creation and Delivery.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities Participate in a full Data Mart development lifecycle including: Planning, Architecture Design, Development, testing, migration and production supportBuild highly visible Data Marts for both Internal and external clientsDesigns, develops, and maintains flexible reporting solutions using .NET, C# or VB.Troubleshoots problems through testing and bug fixing. Constructs reliable processes for error/exception handling, error management, and error notification. Ensures quality for their assigned projects.Develop and enhance ETL processes for performance and scalabilityBuild and optimize SSAS CubesCreate Dashboards and reportsImplement test cases and processes to ensure data qualityDesign and build highly visible Visualization, Dashboard and reports for both Internal and external clientsAssist and participate in interacting with the business stakeholders to provide the best solution and insights to their business problems and challengesQualifications3-5+ years of extensive experience of Microsoft BI Suite including SSIS, SSAS, SSRS3+ years of T-SQL writing skills including Stored Procedure, Function and View creation3+ years of experience working with Data Warehouse / Data Mart modelingIn-depth experience in performance tuningStrong attention to detail. Knowledge of QA processesDemonstrated ability to work independentlyExperience with Solution Provider such as Datorama a plusExperience with Tableau or other Visualization tools a plusExperience with Microsoft Power BI a plusExperience with Open Source databases, Hadoop architecture, Pig, Hive and Python a plusKnowledge of Agile development a definite plusBachelor's Degree in Computer Science/Business Information Systems or equivalent. Candidates with a different background will be also consideredAuto req ID18897BRCompany Mindshare Job Category Data & Analytics "
"3115002690"	"Senior Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Morgan Stanley"	2019-03-12	79	106	92	3.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=126&ao=134550&s=58&guid=0000016972baf25082f04ed856c87a6a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_a7b99885&cb=1552408048884&jobListingId=3115002690"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	" Company Profile  Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services  firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment  management and wealth management services. The Firm's employees serve clients  worldwide including corporations, governments and individuals from more than  1,200 offices in 43 countries. As a market leader, the talent and passion of  our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of  values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethics. Morgan Stanley  can provide a superior foundation for building a professional career, a place  for people to learn, to achieve and grow. A philosophy that balances personal  lifestyles, perspectives and needs is an important part of our culture.  About Third Party Program Management  The Third Party Program Management (TPPM) group is a  dedicated first line of defense function within Reengineering & Expense  Management (REM) and the Finance division, established to more effectively  manage risks associated with Morgan Stanley’s use of internal and external Third  Parties to provide goods and services. TPPM is part of REM alongside Accounts  Payable and Firmwide Sourcing.  TPPM’s key objectives are:  ·  Enable a firm-wide Third Party Risk Management (TPRM)  program based in 1st LoD  ·  Implement a firm-wide TPRM strategy, processes  and tools  ·  Execute due diligence and ongoing monitoring  ·  Implement clear, consistent information and  reporting to identify, measure, monitor and manage firm-wide risks  ·  Maintain compliance with regulatory requirements  Responsibilities  The role will be responsible for leading a data analytics  effort to support the Third Party Inventory Initiative which aims to identify  and establish an inventory of third parties, their services, regions and  business units. In this capacity, the role will report to the Project Manager  for the Third Party Inventory Initiative. This role will also work closely with  IT, internal clients and REM personnel on other end-to-end initiatives.  Specific responsibilities include:  ·  Establish relationships with internal clients in  the Third Party Program Management space  ·  Organize and lead business and technical  requirement gathering sessions with internal clients  ·  Assist IT in developing detailed functional  specifications  ·  Work to acquire data from primary or secondary  sources  ·  Interpret and analyze data using statistical  techniques  ·  Develop and implement data analyses, data  collection processes and other strategies that optimize efficiency and quality  of the data and subsequent use  ·  Evaluate business processes, including  flowcharting (current state / future state)  ·  Create applicable test cases and work with IT on  UAT testing plans  ·  Develop, update, implement and maintain  procedures  ·  Run status meetings to communicate progress with  Stakeholders and Project Team  ·  Update project plans and progress reports for  Senior Management  ·  Develop training materials as required  ·  Effectively communicate verbally and in writing  ·  Advanced use of the MS Office Suite (Word,  Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Project, Access and SharePoint)  The successful candidate will have experience in areas  related to data analytics and project management. More specifically,  qualifications ought to include:  ·  6 years of experience in business analytics and  project management preferably in a global Banking or Financial Services  organizations  ·  Strong project management skills, including  ability to coordinate with cross-functional teams with varied backgrounds and  skills  ·  Demonstrated consulting, analytical and problem  solving skills with the ability to translate analysis into actions and results  ·  Excellent communication (oral as well as  writing) and presentation skills with a proven ability to effectively interact  with team members, clients, and peers, earning their trust and establishing  credibility  ·  Good knowledge of data cleansing and  transformation  ·  Experience developing and maintaining process  and procedural documentation is desirable  ·  Ability to multi-task with good organizational  and time management skills  ·  Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint,  Visio and Project  ·  Previous use of SQL is desirable  ·  Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of  training and experience"
"3109315215"	"Risk Analyst"	"MUFG"	2019-03-07	67	101	81	3.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=339072&s=58&guid=0000016972bae92b83eaeabb0d9ebe76&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_e173f7da&cb=1552408046812&jobListingId=3109315215"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	" Discover your opportunity with  Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the  world (as ranked by S&P Global, April 2018) with total assets of over $2.9  trillion (106.2 (JPY) as of March 30, 2018) and 150,000 colleagues in more than  50 countries. In the U.S., we're 13,000 strong, working together to positively  impact every customer, organization, and community we serve. We achieve this by  delivering on our values, putting people first, fostering long-term  relationships built on honesty and mutual understanding, and inspiring the best  in each other. This is all part of our inclusive, high-performing culture  supported by Total Rewards that include our cash balance pension plan. Join a  team that's working to fulfill its vision to be the world's most trusted  financial group. Responsibilities:Primary resource for all aspects of trade processing for CPM,  including daily interactions with CPM Traders and Analysts, Middle and  Back Office, Comptrollers, and Risk Management.Perform various reporting and analytical tasks including portfolio  reporting, data aggregation and analysis, P&L calculations and  projections, etc.Support senior members of the team in managing CPM policies and  procedures.Assist with various systems projects related to CPM and the trading  desk in particular.Assist in compliance with all applicable regulations pertaining to  credit derivatives.Perform basic analysis to support public and private side CPM staff  related to credit, single-names, industries, relative value and  risk-return in order for various credit process-related initiatives.Support traders/portfolio manager with preparation of weekly and  monthly presentations for senior management.#MNR2-4 years credit  capital markets or related experience.Strong Excel and  PowerPointFamiliarity with  derivative processing and Bloomberg TerminalStrong  interpersonal skills. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required of personnel so classified.  We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of any protected category.  A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, it's the bank's policy to only inquire into a candidate's criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing individuals who have been convicted of, or received a pretrial diversion for, certain offenses."
"2756076638"	"Data Analyst (Remote)"	"New York Times"	2019-03-06	77	120	96	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=242900&s=58&guid=0000016972bae92b83eaeabb0d9ebe76&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_cb78de8e&cb=1552408046812&jobListingId=2756076638"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	"Job DescriptionWe are seeking an experienced Data Analyst to join our growing cross-functional group responsible for the data analytics, data engineering, and data science of Wirecutter. We’re pioneering a new type of service journalism and if you’re savvy and experienced in web analytics, e-commerce, affiliate marketing or any combination of the above you will have a unique opportunity to shape how we improve our readers’ lives.  This position requires both a strategic and tactical viewpoint, aided by intellectual curiosity, strong problem-solving skills, along with an understanding of user-engagement in correlation to our business metrics. You will need to collaborate and communicate effectively across a variety of internal departments; reporting and insightful analysis are in high demand across our organization. What You’ll Do:Gather requirements from project stakeholders and translate questions into useful analysis based on the goals behind the specific asks.Communicate findings effectively and translate them into recommended actions appropriate for each area of the business.Create and maintain dashboards; service additional and ad-hoc reporting and dashboarding needs.Contribute to the design and measurement of new business metrics.Support the setup and analysis of A/B and multivariate testing.Proactively analyze data to identify opportunities or potential problems with an eye for what drives business performance.Collaborate with data engineering to draft schemas and tables, improve our data reliability, refine our ETL processes, and contribute to documentation.Who You Are:2-3 years of professional experience analyzing data.BS/BA degree with a strong emphasis on statistics or equivalent experience.Experience building reports and dashboards using data visualization tools such as Looker, Tableau, or Chart.io.Strong SQL skills to query large sets of data from internal and external sources.Experience working with data from Google Analytics or other user behavior analytics platforms.Comfortable deconstructing complex and open-ended problems which may not yield a clear cut solution.Excellent verbal and written communication skills.Collaborative and be able to operate with different levels of ownership on projects with a variety of personalities and skill types.Passion for discovering interesting facts through data and sharing them with others.Interest in Wirecutter’s mission. About WirecutterFounded five years ago by journalists fed up with the time and energy it takes to shop, Wirecutter developed a simpler approach to giving buying advice: Just tell people exactly what to get in one single guide. The company’s purpose: to help people find great things, quickly and easily. Through rigorous testing, research, reporting, and whatever means necessary, we create straightforward recommendations that save readers unnecessary stress, time, and effort. We then monetize these guides by enabling our readers to easily purchase the products they are interested in.  Wirecutter was recently acquired by, and is now a subsidiary of, The New York Times Company. As part of the acquisition, The Times is investing in Wirecutter to accelerate its business through editorial category expansion, development of more robust product features, and unlocking of new revenue streams. Locations: Even with offices in New York City and Los Angeles, Wirecutter remains a highly remote culture with employees across the United States. Right now, we are eligible to hire in the following locations:  CA, CO, CT, DC, FL, GA, HI, IL, MA, ME, MI, MN, MO, NC, NH, NV, NY, OR, PA, TX, VA, or WA. Benefits and Perks:Make an impact by supporting our original, independent and deeply reported journalism.We provide competitive health, dental, vision and life insurance for employees and their familiesWe support responsible retirement planning with a generous 401(k) company match.We offer a competitive parental leave.We are committed to career development and ongoing learning, and provide employees $8,000 annually for tuition reimbursement.We have frequent panel discussions and talks by a wide variety of newsmakers and industry leaders.Join a community committed to the richness of diversity, experiences and talents in the world we cover, supported by a variety of employee resource groups. #LI-SL1 The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply.The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics."
"3147209682"	"Data Business Analyst"	"NTT DATA"	2019-03-12	69	107	83	3.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=98541&s=58&guid=0000016972bae92b83eaeabb0d9ebe76&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_fedbeeb4&cb=1552408046813&jobListingId=3147209682"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	"Req ID: 44154     At NTT DATA Services, we know that with the right people on board, anything is possible. The quality, integrity, and commitment of our employees are key factors in our company’s growth, market presence and our ability to help our clients stay a step ahead of the competition. By hiring the best people and helping them grow both professionally and personally, we ensure a bright future for NTT DATA Services and for the people who work here.     NTT DATA Services currently seeks a Data Business Analyst to join our team in New York, New York (US-NY), United States (US).        Position Summary  The Data Analyst focuses on process of inspecting, cleaning, transforming, and modeling data with the goal of discovering useful information, suggesting conclusions, and supporting decision making. This person participates in the analysis and development of logical data base designs, data models and relational data base definitions across multiple computing environments. Must be able to grasp new concepts, trends and ideas very quickly.  Responsibilities  * Assist in data management deliverables such as business need analysis, data source identification and analysis and data modeling techniques. Participate in the analysis and resolution of issues related to information flow and content with data stakeholders.Gather data and develop reports for major statistical data calls received from various sources.Apply business knowledge to analyze data, develop reports and solve problems.Research and resolve any data or reporting issues that arise.Communicate all data issues or problems to management and makes recommendations for solutions.Perform ad hoc analyses of data depending on business needs.Assist data modelers in developing source to target mapping.  Basic qualifications  * Minimum of 3 years related experience.General knowledge in IT concepts, strategies and methodologies, IT architectures, data standards and general knowledge of a business function(s) and of business operations.Proficiency in SQL, DBMS Languages, Data Profiling, Data Design and Data Architecture and advanced ExcelKnowledge of Metadata Management tools.Knowledge of data design and analysis tools.Ability to evaluate business requirements and transform client requests into data deliverables.Basic understanding of project planning and execution.Writing skills to support development of product specifications and technical documentation.Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.Ability to interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports.Develop and implement data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality.Ability to acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems.Ability to filter and “clean” data, and review computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems.  basic Qualifications  Bachelor’s degree in IT or related field 3-5 years of experience as data/business analyst  Proficient in Microsoft Office suite  Experience in systems implementation, business analysis, and/or project management  Advanced communication and time management skills  Experience in working closely aligned to development teams  Knowledge of data structures, databases or query tools preferred  Rapidly adapts and responds to changes in environment and priorities  Excellent communication, interpersonal, problem solving and analytical skills    This position is only available to those interested in direct staff employment opportunities with NTT DATA, Inc. or its subsidiaries. Please note, 1099 or corp-2-corp contractors or the equivalent will NOT be considered. We offer a full comprehensive benefits package that starts from your first day of employment.About NTT DATA Services    NTT DATA Services partners with clients to navigate and simplify the modern complexities of business and technology, delivering the insights, solutions and outcomes that matter most. We deliver tangible business results by combining deep industry expertise with applied innovations in digital, cloud and automation across a comprehensive portfolio of consulting, applications, infrastructure and business process services.     NTT DATA Services, headquartered in Plano, Texas, is a division of NTT DATA Corporation, a top 10 global business and IT services provider with 118,000+ professionals in more than 50 countries, and NTT Group, a partner to 88 percent of the Fortune 100. Visit nttdataservices.com to learn more.     NTT DATA, Inc. (the “Company”) is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. The Company will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religious creed, citizenship, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, physical or mental disability, veteran or marital status, or any other class protected by law. To comply with applicable laws ensuring equal employment opportunities to qualified individuals with a disability, the Company will make reasonable accommodations for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified individual with a disability who is an applicant or an employee unless undue hardship to the Company would result.         "
"3143851218"	"Business Intelligence Engineer"	"REFINERY29"	2019-03-08	94	130	114	2.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=352789&s=58&guid=0000016972baf25082f04ed856c87a6a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_a30bf6fe&cb=1552408048884&jobListingId=3143851218"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	" About Refinery29 Refinery29 is the leading media and entertainment company focused on women with a global audience footprint of 425 million across all platforms. Through a variety of lifestyle stories, original video programming, social, shareable content, and live experiences, Refinery29 provides its audience with the inspiration and tools to discover and pursue a more independent, stylish, and informed life. Please visit, , andfor more information and to browse content.  About the Team: Refinery29 is looking a Business Intelligence Engineer to help expand its analytics reporting platform. The ideal candidate will act as domain expert for any data flowing into DOMO and will provide guidance on how data is captured, where it is stored, and best practices around access. The administrator will also ensure that relevant and accurate data is available both on-demand via dashboards and as daily reports.  What Makes an R29er? You have commitment and passion for the mission of R29 to be a catalyst for women to feel, see, and claim their power and realize their infinite potential. You are a magic maker who sees possibility and turns dreams into reality.  What You'll Do: Serve as domain expert for the DOMO environment with 200+ users supporting a 450+ person organization Complete regular system audits and prepare for upgrades Compile day to day reporting inside and/or outside of DOMO Lead standardization of reporting templates and guidelines Coordinate the evaluation, scope and prioritization of new data requests Handle all administrative functions including management of reports and dashboards, integrations and other routine operations Assist in training of new users, and grow the DOMO skill set across Refinery29 Act as the liaison between our users, vendors and corporate application and support teams Create and maintain user and administrator documentation as it pertains to Refinery29s DOMO and larger analytics environment Manage Domo integrations with BigQuery and larger Google Analytics ecosystem What You Have: Experience as a DOMO administrator Technical knowledge of Google Analytics with an emphasis on BigQuery Knowledge of various data platforms (MS SQL Server, MySQL etc...) and  how to query / extract data from them (SQL, JSON etc..) Proven ability to design and implement new processes and facilitate user adoption Strong understanding of the platform, with the ability to build custom reports and build integrations with other data analytics tools A documented history of successfully driving projects to completion A demonstrated ability to understand and articulate complex requirements Exposure to large data sets Experience with CRM and ERP solutions (Salesforce and Netsuite preferred) Excellent communications skills; ability to communicate clearly and concisely, both written and verbally, to a variety of audiences Must be able to thrive in a fast-paced, high energy environment"
"2688986884"	"Data Engineer"	"SeatGeek"	2019-03-12	127	167	145	4.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=111&ao=505027&s=58&guid=0000016972baf25082f04ed856c87a6a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_37b16281&cb=1552408048884&jobListingId=2688986884"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	" SeatGeek operates a unique business model in a complicated, opaque market. The questions we seek answers to are often not simple or clear, and the data we rely on is complex. Even the simple questions depend on careful curation of the underlying data. That's where Data Engineers come in.  Data engineers are members of SeatGeek's data science team. As a team, we share common views on experimental rigor, pragmatism, and software quality. Data engineers focus on maintaining and expanding our ecosystem of data pipelines. These pipelines provide the basis for many crucial downstream processes: complex analyses, data products, and business performance measurement. What You'll DoInvestigate and prototype different task dependency frameworks to understand the most appropriate design for a given use caseCollaborate closely with our marketing team to understand and accurately integrate marketing and application data sources into new tables for measuring customer acquisitionBuild data warehouse monitoring tools on data usage patterns to identify inefficient query behavior or candidates for archivalBuild a new stream ingestion process to efficiently send and store currently live listings as users see themSpearhead the design of the core data vocabulary used for analyzing user activity, and enforce consistency across both data producers and consumersWhat We're Looking For The ideal candidate can relay complex concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences, enjoys partnering with both business users and application developers, and has a proven ability to build systems that allow greater clarity, consistency, and efficiency in utilizing data. Experience with specific tools is less important than aptitude and drive, but at a minimum, we would expect: 3-5 years experience developing on and maintaining ETL systems, and a high level understanding of different data processing systemsExperience working cross-functionally with different business units to translate business problems into data problems and solve themComfort turning ideas into code (bonus points for experience with Python or Scala)Proficiency with analytical and operational SQL queries, and knowledge of how to optimize and troubleshoot Bonus points for candidates who have experience with or desire to learn any of the following: Streaming data/message queues (Reactive Extensions, Spark Streaming, Akka-streams, Kafka, RabbitMQ)AWS infrastructure (we use Redshift, S3, EMR, Kinesis, Lambda, and RDS)Dimensional modeling, especially in e-commerce or consumer techDatabase internals and tuning, trade-offs and benefits of different datastores (both analytical and transactional)Optimization of complex data workflows that reconcile batch and streaming dataDependency management at scale across multiple classes of data sourceThe Tools We Use You absolutelydo not need experience with all of these, but we thought you might be curious. Tools can be learned, so we care much more about your general engineering skill than knowledge of a particular language. Languages: Scala and Python for general purpose development, R for analysis and prototypingFrameworks: luigi and Airflow for dependency management, Spark on EMR for map/reduceStreaming: Spark Streaming, Kinesis (+Firehose), RabbitMQDatastores: MySQL and Postgres in production, Redshift and S3Other: AWS Lambda, Git, dbtPerks:A competitive base salary and equity stake in a well-funded growth stage companyA laid-back, fun workplace designed to facilitate collaboration and company wide events$120/mo to spend on live events ticketsA superb benefits package that supports health/dental/visionA focus on transparency. We have regular team lunches and Q&A panels where employees can chat openly with teams across SeatGeek, our co-founders, and external guests from the industryAnnual subscriptions to Citibike, Spotify, and meditation services Come Join Us!SeatGeek is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment regardless of race, color, religion, creed, age, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, military or veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law. As an equal opportunities employer, we recognize that diversity is a positive attribute and we welcome the differences and benefits that a diverse culture brings."
"2834646759"	"Innovations - Business Analyst - 2019 Analyst"	"The Blackstone Group"	2019-03-12	95	147	119	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=106&ao=242900&s=58&guid=0000016972baf25082f04ed856c87a6a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_d04166c0&cb=1552408048884&jobListingId=2834646759"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	"Job Description:­­Job Title: 2019 Analyst – Innovations and Infrastructure Business Analyst Employer: Blackstone Firm Profile: Blackstone is one of the world’s leading investment firms. We seek to create positive economic impact and long-term value for our investors, the companies we invest in, and the communities in which we work. We do this by using extraordinary people and flexible capital to help companies solve problems. Our asset management businesses, with $450 billion in assets under management, include investment vehicles focused on private equity, real estate, public debt and equity, non-investment grade credit, real assets and secondary funds, all on a global basis. Further information is available at www.blackstone.com. Follow Blackstone on Twitter @Blackstone. Business Unit: Blackstone Innovations and Infrastructure (BXii) Blackstone BXii Overview: Blackstone Innovations is the technology team providing Blackstone with the fuel (information and tools) the firm needs to grow. Serving internal and external clients, we build cutting-edge yet easy to use systems to create efficiencies and transparency into Blackstone and our broader community of investors, portfolio companies, etc.  Every member of the team participates throughout the life-cycle of projects. There are no silos or other walls preventing you from learning and growing to meet your career goals. We actively mentor our team to be the people who get it, the people who stand up and challenge the status quo and work together to come up with the best answers. Job Title: Business Analyst Job Description: As a member of the technology innovation team at Blackstone, you will work with a group of talented individuals in a highly team-oriented environment to create the next generation of innovative solutions for Blackstone and the financial community at large.  Our technical Business Analysts are involved in the full development lifecycle and will work closely with all stakeholders during the conceptual, design, development, and production stages of each project. The business analyst serves as the “glue” between business owners, clients, quality assurance and the engineers that build the designs, so they need to be able to discuss, manage and document their work and design decisions effectively to varied audiences.  Key Responsibilities Include: Build a deep understanding of user motivations, market opportunities and competition through research and design exploration.Design and specify user interfaces and information architecture using participatory and iterative design techniques including customer interviews, usability testing, and other forms of requirements discovery.Iterate on designs based on user feedback, user research, technology constraints and market dynamics.Effectively communicate research findings, conceptual ideas and detailed design rationale both verbally and visually.Lead the interactive design process, drive decisions, track issues, and assist in estimating and managing release schedules.Ability to discuss, present and document designs and design decisions effectively to varied audiences.Work with cross-functional teams (client working groups, business owners, engineering, QA, etc.) to manage the entire lifecycle from concept to completion.Qualifications: Blackstone seeks to hire individuals who are highly motivated, intelligent and have demonstrated excellence in prior endeavors. You will need: A self-starting, entrepreneurial attitude, willing to work through all obstacles to accomplish tasks.The ability to juggle multiple projects on tight deadlines without compromising quality.Outstanding communication (written and verbal), presentation, documentation, and interpersonal skills; detail- oriented.Experience working collaboratively with multiple groups in a variety of settings and strong communication skills with the ability to listen, articulate positions, and advocate designs.Good project management and implementation skills.A basic understanding of the financial services industry. To be considered for the 2019 Analyst Program, applicants must meet the following criteria: Currently enrolled as an undergraduate studentAnticipated graduation date: Fall 2018 – Spring 2019Resume must include expected graduation month/year and GPAResume must be in PDF format If you need a reasonable accommodation to complete your application, please contact Human Resources at 212-583-5000 (US), +44 (0)20 7451 4000 (EMEA) or +852 3656 8600 (APAC).  The Blackstone Group and its affiliates provide equal employment opportunity to all qualified employees and applicants for employment regardless of race, color, creed, religion, sex, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, marital or partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, genetic predisposition, veteran or military status, status as a victim of domestic violence, a sex offense or stalking, or any other classification prohibited by applicable law.  To submit your application please complete the form below. Fields marked with a red asterisk * are required in order to enter into a possible employment contract (although some can be answered \\"prefer not to say\\"). Failure to provide this information may compromise the follow-up of your application. When you have finished click Submit at the bottom of this form."
"2834646768"	"Innovations - Business Analyst - 2019 Summer Analyst"	"The Blackstone Group"	2019-03-12	76	118	96	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=119&ao=242900&s=58&guid=0000016972baf25082f04ed856c87a6a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_9b83fcf2&cb=1552408048884&jobListingId=2834646768"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	"Job Description:Job Title: 2019 Summer Analyst – Innovations Business Analyst Employer: Blackstone Firm Profile: Blackstone is one of the world’s leading investment firms. We seek to create positive economic impact and long-term value for our investors, the companies we invest in, and the communities in which we work. We do this by using extraordinary people and flexible capital to help companies solve problems. Our asset management businesses, with $450 billion in assets under management, include investment vehicles focused on private equity, real estate, public debt and equity, non-investment grade credit, real assets and secondary funds, all on a global basis. Further information is available at www.blackstone.com. Follow Blackstone on Twitter @Blackstone. Business Unit: Blackstone Innovations (BXi) Blackstone BXii Overview: Blackstone Innovations is the technology team providing Blackstone with the fuel (information and tools) the firm needs to grow. Serving internal and external clients, we build cutting-edge yet easy to use systems to create efficiencies and transparency into Blackstone and our broader community of investors, portfolio companies, etc.  Every member of the team participates throughout the life-cycle of projects. There are no silos or other walls preventing you from learning and growing to meet your career goals. We actively mentor our team to be the people who get it, the people who stand up and challenge the status quo and work together to come up with the best answers. Job Title: Summer Business Analyst Job Description: As a member of the technology innovation team at Blackstone, you will work with a group of talented individuals in a highly team-oriented environment to create the next generation of innovative solutions for Blackstone and the financial community at large.  Our technical Business Analysts are involved in the full development lifecycle and will work closely with all stakeholders during the conceptual, design, development, and production stages of each project. The Business Analyst serves as the “glue” between business owners, clients, quality assurance and the engineers that build the designs, so they need to be able to discuss, manage and document their work and design decisions effectively to varied audiences.  Key Responsibilities include: Building a deep understanding of user motivations, market opportunities and competition through research and design exploration.Designing and specifying user interfaces and information architecture using participatory and iterative design techniques including customer interviews, usability testing, and other forms of requirements discovery.Iterating on designs based on user feedback, user research, technology constraints and market dynamics.Effectively communicating research findings, conceptual ideas and detailed design rationale both verbally and visually.Leading the interactive design process, driving decisions, tracking issues, and assisting in estimating and managing release schedules.Discussing, presenting and documenting designs and design decisions effectively to varied audiences.Working with cross-functional teams (client working groups, business owners, engineering, QA, etc.) to manage the entire lifecycle from concept to completion.Qualifications: Blackstone seeks to hire individuals who are highly motivated, intelligent and have demonstrated excellence in prior endeavors. You will need: A self-starting, entrepreneurial attitude and to be willing to work through all obstacles to accomplish tasks.The ability to juggle multiple projects on tight deadlines without compromising quality.Outstanding communication (written and verbal), presentation, documentation, and interpersonal skills; detail- oriented.Experience working collaboratively with multiple groups in a variety of settings and strong communication skills with the ability to listen, articulate positions, and advocate designs.Good project management and implementation skills.A basic understanding of the financial services industry. To be considered for the 2019 Summer Analyst Program, applicants must meet the following criteria: Currently enrolled as an undergraduate studentAnticipated graduation date: Fall 2019 – Spring 2020Resume must include expected graduation month/year and GPAResume must be in PDF format If you need a reasonable accommodation to complete your application, please contact Human Resources at 212-583-5000 (US), +44 (0)20 7451 4000 (EMEA) or +852 3656 8600 (APAC).  The Blackstone Group and its affiliates provide equal employment opportunity to all qualified employees and applicants for employment regardless of race, color, creed, religion, sex, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, marital or partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, genetic predisposition, veteran or military status, status as a victim of domestic violence, a sex offense or stalking, or any other classification prohibited by applicable law.  To submit your application please complete the form below. Fields marked with a red asterisk * are required in order to enter into a possible employment contract (although some can be answered \\"prefer not to say\\"). Failure to provide this information may compromise the follow-up of your application. When you have finished click Submit at the bottom of this form."
"3082055177"	"Director of Analytics"	"Turbonomic"	2019-03-06	122	169	147	4.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=505003&s=58&guid=0000016972baf25082f04ed856c87a6a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_74da9681&cb=1552408048883&jobListingId=3082055177"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	"Director of Analytics (Turbonomic, Inc., New York, New York): Assist the company in the further development of IT management software products for Virtualization, Cloud, and Cloud Native technologies. Responsible for developing technical strategy, design and solutions related to the Analytics module of the Turbonomic Platform. Work with the technical leadership to shape the technical direction of the Analytics module for consistent data modeling and enhanced analytics leveraging machine learning and statistical analysis.Specific responsibilities will include: Work with the Chief Technical Officer (CTO) and product management to assess and select new technical features to be included in the Platform.Lead a team of technical managers, software architects, and software engineers to successfully design and implement various technical solutions related to analytics of the platform. This will involve analyzing workflow, establishing priorities, developing standards, and setting deadlines.Confer and work with customers, product management, software engineers, and others to design systems and frameworks, and to obtain information on project technical capabilities and limitations, performance requirements, and interfaces.Oversee the Development team resources in order to ensure that software development initiatives are adequately staffed and that targets for software development timeframes and quality of technical products are achieved.Interact with and provide high level support to customers with support of Customer Facing Engineering team.Provide technical leadership in the design and code quality associated with deliverables and manage the day-to-day project related technical activities of the team. This will include:  o Analyzing customer needs and software requirements to determine feasibility of design within time and cost constraints; and o Designing, running, and monitoring software test systems to resolve technical errors and improve performance.Provide technical leadership with respect to the continuous improvement of engineering processes at Turbonomic.Lead and mentor team members and participate in and promote a knowledge-sharing environment. Note: This is a technical lead position responsible for providing technical leadership and guidance to its Team on projects including work and resource allocation. Does not have hiring and firing over Team Members.Minimum Requirements: Masters degree (or a foreign equivalent degree) in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical or Electronics Engineering or a closely related technical field and 5 years of experience as a Software Engineer or Developer. May be gained pre- or post-Masters degree.Must also have: (I) Industry experience with core java development, Web application architecture, and Design patterns. (II) Familiarity and experience with different Algorithms and Data structures and understanding of complexity of various algorithms in software. (III) Background working with object-oriented programming, model driven architecture, and scalable systems design. (IV) Familiarity with micro services architecture, synchronous patterns and multithreaded programming, real-time system development, and SQL technologies. (V) Experience working with Datacenter, containers, and public cloud technologies. (VI) Demonstrated track record interacting with customers and product management to influence features. (VII) Experience estimating sizes of tasks to ensure timely completion of released features. (VIII) Demonstrated track record hiring the right talent for development of analytics especially for real-time systems. (IX) Experience managing a team of software engineers. (X) Experience mentoring teams of software engineers on code quality, reviewing design and code. (XI) Experience reporting on feature progress, team performance, and deliverables to top technical management. (XII) Experience educating the technical teams (including support) on details of new analytics and new features. (XIII) Must have strong communication and team building skills.Apply by resume only to nyrecruit@turbonomic.com including #NV10097 in the subject line. "
"3147763271"	"Corporate Responsibility Business Intelligence Manager"	"Verizon Business"	2019-03-12	86	120	103	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=112&ao=182759&s=58&guid=0000016972baf25082f04ed856c87a6a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_459ea61b&cb=1552408048884&jobListingId=3147763271"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	" Job # ****** Date posted - 2019-03-01 What you'll be doing...  Verizon's Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) team is responsible for implementing the company's responsible business strategy. The team seeks a Measurement and Evaluation Manager responsible for the development and oversight of a corporate sustainability performance scorecard that measures Verizon's key economic, environmental and social impacts in support of the new CEO's vision to position Verizon as a sustainable company. It will be used by the Responsible Business Council to track progress on integrating responsible practices into core business operations and identifying opportunities for product innovation and revenue growth. This position also oversees rigorous, objective research regarding the social impact of the Verizon Innovative Learning (VIL) initiatives to evaluate program effectiveness, provide insights for program enhancements, and substantiate impact data for use in communications and reporting.  As the Manager, you will be experienced in metrics and scorecard development and well-versed in applying analytical principles to identify trends and patterns to develop insights associated with programs. You will provide actionable information and direction that assists the team in measuring and maximizing the impact of its programs. You will also be an effective problem-solver, with a history of turning disparate data into actionable insights.  Oversee Verizon's responsible business measurement and reporting function: Develop a deep understanding of each business team's responsible business goals and work collaboratively to oversee scorecard and metrics creation, target setting, and results reporting.Collect results data from business teams and partners and perform independent, unbiased analysis of the results.Integrate department-specific scorecard data into master scorecards for review by executive committees.Provide business teams with objective feedback on the strengths and opportunities for improvement associated with their initiatives.Continuously research and evaluate evolving corporate responsibility metrics best practices and apply relevant learning to improve our ability to measure the impact of our programs. Oversee the Verizon Innovative Learning education program measurement and reporting function: Work closely with the VIL program teams to provide oversight and expertise on the performance measurement model, metrics, and results reporting.Manage the independent evaluation of strategic education programs conducted by third-party evaluators.Collect results data from internal teams and partners and performing independent, unbiased analysis of the results.Provide program team with objective feedback on the strengths and opportunities for improvement associated with their programs.Other Initiatives and Reporting :Support measurement and evaluation for various functions and initiatives within the Corporate Responsibility team as needed.Publish periodic scorecards for responsible business practice initiatives and CSR programs.Support the development of the annual corporate responsibility report and oversee and validate all metrics and data inputs.Periodically represent Verizon in strategic external forums to describe our responsibility strategy, measurement program and to share results that demonstrate the social value we are creating . What we're looking for...  You'll need to have Bachelor's degree or four or more years of work experience.Six or more years of relevant work experience.Experience developing a metrics strategy, as well as the technical skills associated with data analysis, regression analysis, systematic sampling and mean-variance analysis.Project management, problem solving, collaboration, and oral and written communication skills; experience preparing materials and presenting complex analyses to non-technical audiences at all levels.Experience developing, directing and managing metrics programs.Experience in Excel, PowerPoint and Google Suite and experienced presenting information in a clear and logical manner.Willingness to travel up to 50%. Even better if you have A Master's degree.Knowledge of telecommunication industry and Verizon's strategy and products and services.Experience with corporate responsibility best practices and stakeholder expectations.Analytical ability and quantitative skills - capable of reviewing data and spotting trends and patterns that can improve the effectiveness of programs and challenge assumptions and results in a collaborative way.High level resiliency and the ability to adapt to a continuously evolving environment.Experience as a self-starter, capable of balancing multiple projects and meeting tight deadlines.Desire to assist Verizon in enhancing its reputation as a socially responsible corporation. When you join Verizon...  You'll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America's fastest and most reliable network, we're leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we're about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon.  Equal Employment Opportunity  We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better."
"3148146771"	"Manager, Business Operations (Member Experience)"	"WeWork"	2019-03-12	127	203	160	3.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=446740&s=58&guid=0000016972baf25082f04ed856c87a6a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_3a4e03e6&cb=1552408048883&jobListingId=3148146771"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	"About the Mission The Engagement mission is responsible for delivering technology that builds intelligent environments and connected, consciously-engineered communities for every space in the world. Our team is interested in increasing lifetime value, satisfaction productivity, and building engaging community models in smart environments. We create delightful experiences that encourage connection and community. About the Role WeWork is looking for an experienced Operations Manager with a strong project management and process background in the digital space to lead the operations efforts for Engagement. The person in this role would responsible for establishing internal mission processes, ensuring effective communication, establishing best practices, participating in the establishment of goals, tracking and reporting goals, leading special projects, etc. in an effort to maximize the efficiency and facilitate the growth of the mission. This role reports directly to the Mission Leads (VPs) who will partner with them to determine how best to strategically set the mission up for success. Excellent project management, communication, issue resolution and process development skills are required. The ideal candidate must thrive in fast-paced environments and be able to manage through ambiguity and complexity, support multiple, simultaneous projects, and have excellent organizational skills. Primary ResponsibilitiesDevelop and execute against a cross-mission communication planEstablish and execute against a quarterly objectives/goals processParticipate in the establishing of tracking, and reporting of quarterly and annual mission goalsTake on special projects related to the mission to support growth or resolve existing challengesParticipate in setting the overall strategy, especially with regard to operations, of the mission with mission leadsPartner with the Technology Operations team to ensure they have the necessary information they need for budgets, headcount planning, strategic planning, etc.Partner with the Mission Coordinator to ensure flawless execution of operational and administrative effortsWork with Mission Leads to prepare for presentations, executive meetings, and team meetingsOwn the logistics of Mission all-hands meetings in partnership with the Mission CoordinatorDevelop and maintain onboarding program for new hiresEnsure an efficient interviewing and hiring process for the missionDefine processes to be used across the mission to ensure consistencyEnsure the team has the tools and workspace to be successfulPlan projects and track milestonesMeasure improvements and the impact of changeBasic Qualifications5 - 6+ years of experience as the operations lead or project manager for a technical/digital team or organizationBachelors degreeExperience in a technology product environmentExperience in high growth environmentsAbility to adapt to changes in priority and quickly determine the necessary adjustments in process and plansHigh degree of organization and ability to manage multiple, competing projects and priorities simultaneouslyAbility to think strategically and execute methodicallyExcellent communication (verbal and written) and collaboration skills that will enable you to earn trust at all levelsProven experience managing projects, budgets, and processApply now!"
"3086667771"	"Business Intelligence Developer - West Elm"	"Williams-Sonoma Inc."	2019-02-10	69	100	81	2.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=215489&s=58&guid=0000016972baf25082f04ed856c87a6a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_f3bb93c3&cb=1552408048884&jobListingId=3086667771"	2019-03-12 12:28:11	"Requisition Number: WE-14779  Area of Interest: Information Technology  Organization: Corporate  Brand/Division: West Elm  Position Type: Full-time JOB DESCRIPTIONWho we are: Born in Brooklyn. At home in the world. west elm has been helping customers express their personal style at home since the launch of our first catalog in 2002. Our home base is nestled down under the Manhattan Bridge in the DUMBO neighborhood of Brooklyn, NY, right above our flagship store. We are a dynamic, fast-paced brand with an exciting growth strategy. We value imagination, diversity and giving people the opportunity to explore, grow and shape our future. We look for innovative, smart and hard-working individuals who enjoy creative thinking and ingenuity. Help us carry out our mission of being a source of inspiration to our customers, creating a global community and tirelessly seeking ways to evolve our brand.  The Supply Chain Optimization team is responsible for the planning of strategic and operational initiatives to drive sales, inventory, and profit objectives. Operating efficient business processes allows our brand flexibility to continue to be an innovator in the field and create new opportunities for the brand and individuals to grow, as well as create customer satisfaction.  The BI Developer impacts the organization by creating and maintaining the foundational data and business reporting to support the analysis of inventory, sales, margin, and profitability data. This role is a key player in ensuring system structure and operations are efficient and timely and users have visibility to business trends. The ideal candidate will align with the brand by bringing creative thinking and innovation to help drive profitable business decisions. As west elm grows and expands in new marketplaces and broadens its footprint, the planning and execution of efficient operational strategies is crucial to maintaining market leadership and customer satisfaction. Essential Functions:Develop and maintain technology systems, platforms, or tools needed to support data and reportingOversee the planning and execution of data discovery, extraction, transformation, storage, validation and testingDesign, execute, and schedule queries or transformations to support reporting and dashboard needsReview systems and propose solutions to create more efficient or productive processes that support end user needsCreate and maintain documentation of data and reporting process, data structure, and project updatesPartner with technology, supply chain, inventory, and finance teams and participate in solution design sessions You... Love to work collaboratively in a group, you have an innate willingness to dig in and contribute with your teamAre driven and motivated by the possibilities aheadThink innovation is critical in a business environment and support others in creative thinkingPride yourself on the quality of work and are a stickler for the detailsNaturally challenge yourself and others to growREQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONSQualifications:2+ years of relevant systems development or analysis experienceKnowledge of T-SQL, PL/SQL, Teradata SQL, and DB2Experience with QlikView or QlikSense preferredVBA, R, Python knowledge is a plusTime management and communication skillsProficient in Excel and Microsoft SuiteComputer Science or Information Technology degree preferredBenefits: We offer an extensive benefits package designed to help you grow, personally and professionally, to care for your family and to build a secure future. Depending on your position and your location, here's a look at what you might be eligible for: Competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance; tax-free spending accounts; same-sex domestic partner benefits; commuter benefits; and moreA 401(k) plan and other investment opportunitiesPaid vacations, holidays and other time-off programsA generous discount on all Williams Sonoma Inc. brands through multiple shopping channelsCross-brand and cross-function career opportunitiesDiscounts on nearby gyms and other local businesses This position is not eligible for visa sponsorship.  This role is not eligible for relocation assistance.  Williams-Sonoma, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. #LI-RB1 Williams-Sonoma, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  Williams-Sonoma, Inc. will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, or other applicable state or local laws and ordinances."
