"jobListingId"	"title"	"company"	"last_updated"	"salary_min_est"	"salary_max_est"	"salary_est"	"review"	"url"	"run_time"	"description"
"3125645870"	"Business Data Analyst"	"Adaequare Inc"	2019-02-22	76	113	93	3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=111&ao=454816&s=58&guid=000001692f47142d82809466854053f4&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_82aacd3f&cb=1551276381818&jobListingId=3125645870"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	" The role of the Data Analyst is also highly collaborative role. The data Analyst works within and across the business in order to understand the businessrsquos functional and data requirements. The Data Analyst with operations and data department senior members in ensuring standards and a collaborative capacity, with key stake holders, in developing detailed business requirement conducting gap analyses, creating business requirement designs. Data Analyst needs to coordinate the data infrastructure, inclusive of data- sourcing, data transformation, data quality, rules execution, reporting and analytics. Identifies, Communicates and endeavors to resolve data gaps that impact the fulfilment of the functional requirements. The Data Analyst also identifies, evaluates, and documents potential data sources in support of project requirements within the assigned business. Responsibilities also include building and operationalize Centre of Excellence processes that ensure timely data-delivery, data quality, production and documentation, Data quality execution, Metrics definition, Maintenance accuracy and relevance of data used within the program. Understand the existing data stores and structures (participate in defining new solutions that meets the business objectives of the program) Work on BRDs (business requirement document) proposing business solutions to given business problems. Regularly interact (in person, email and over phone) with business and technical stake holders locally and globally, including data vendors, for requirement discussions and for developing functional solutions. Ensure asset class protectors across the firm create data quality rules and analyse the data exceptions in a timely manner to ensure proper and facts based reporting to management. Key Skills Poses 7+ years of US based experience of working as a BA preferably in global markets and reference data data analytics domains in a investment Bank or a major global financial services company Data Classification experience Strong Data Modelling experience Strong experience in business analysis and documentation Strong knowledge of Java, SQL on any RDMBS Good Team player"
"3100851690"	"Business Intelligence Manager"	"Amazon"	2019-02-27	105	144	124	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=110&ao=133043&s=58&guid=000001692f471933a784806181e093ce&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_7a3431f0&cb=1551276383064&jobListingId=3100851690"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	" Amazons Advertising Analytics and Insights (A&I) team is looking for a motivated and experienced Business Intelligence Manager to help us build a new global visualization and reporting product to support the needs of our largest global advertisers. We are a startup within one of the fastest growing and most strategic parts of Amazon. Our team owns the product, technology and deployment roadmap for advanced analytics and insight products across our advertiser success team. Advertiser success is core to Amazons growth, as it helps our suppliers drive awareness, consideration, and purchase of their products by hundreds of millions of consumers around the world, and generates revenue which helps us lower prices and invest in improvements to our customer experience. We are a highly motivated, collaborative and fun-loving team with an entrepreneurial spirit and bias for action. With a broad mandate to experiment and innovate, we are growing at an unprecedented rate with a seemingly endless range of new opportunities.  In this role, you build and lead a team of Business Intelligence Engineers to create a new global visualization and reporting product that will provide a clear and over-arching view of the largest global brands advertising investments. You build on Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Amazon QuickSight, our cloud-powered business intelligence (BI) service. The product will show metrics on topics such as campaign delivery and return on advertising investment, and it will span multiple countries and multiple advertising channels, such as display and search. You engage with internal partners to understand the needs of the business, and you own the design, development, and maintenance of metrics, reports, dashboards, visualizations, etc. You drive operational excellence for data ingestion, transformation and publication to ensure confidence in the systems that we build. You deeply analyze results to understand and explain what the data has to say and how it can be used. We are looking for a leader who can thrive in a startup environment, thinks big, moves fast, and wants to change the way customers use data to drive business success. If you are passionate about creating the future, come join us as we work hard, have fun, and make history. Basic Qualifications · Bachelor's degree in computer science, business, engineering, or a related field  · Proven ability to attract, hire, retain and grow a team of talented engineers and analysts  · 10+ years of professional experience in business intelligence, analytics, data engineering, or application development  · 5+ years of people management experience leading business intelligence or analytics teams  · Familiarity with data visualization tools such as QuickSight, QlikView, Power BI, or Tableau  · Hands-on experience using SQL, ETL, and data warehousing in a large-scale, complex business environment  · Scripting/automation in Python, Java, or other programming language  · Track record of successfully delivering complex analytical and/or data visualization solutions to customers, while influencing business partners to balance the need to deliver fast and build scalable solutions  · Strong communication and organizational skills  · Proven ability to drive efficiency and scalability through automation and innovation Preferred Qualifications · Graduate-level degree in computer science, business, engineering, or a related field  · Understanding of common advertising metrics and KPIs  · Experience in the ad-tech industry  · Experience with Amazon Web Services technologies  Amazon.com is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age  #adsto "
"3096145370"	"Associate Data Analyst"	"AppNexus"	2019-02-22	66	103	83	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=9619&s=58&guid=000001692f47142d82809466854053f4&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_1abcdbb4&cb=1551276381818&jobListingId=3096145370"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	"Associate Data AnalystData Analysts are the creative thought leaders responsible for leveraging data to maximize performance for our most strategic clients and our product as a whole. We partner closely with the Account Management, Services, Product, Data Science, and Engineering teams to study client and product performance data, identify areas for improvement, and implement enhancements to drive success on our platform. Our team is focused on tool-building and teaching others so that we can scale analytical capabilities across AppNexus. This role is perfect for someone who has a quantitatively-oriented degree, commercial work experience, a passion for mathematics, analytics, and coding, and a strong desire to use data to inspire success for our customers.About the team:The core mission of the Analytics organization is to drive strategy and execution across the company using data to inform and empower our partners. Whether we’re working with client-facing field teams or internal decision makers, we aim to meet any reporting, analytics, visualization and story-telling needs they may have. Beyond our data capabilities, our team acts as consultants for our partners, breaking down every request to ensure that the analytical insights we’re providing will truly help achieve our partners’ goals. Our toolkit includes elements of theory – probability models, statistics, machine learning, game theory – as well as practical tools and techniques for manipulating and exploring vast quantities of data. Depending on the exact role, we work closely with Production Engineers, Product Managers, Operations, Account Managers, Services, Marketing, and sometimes directly with clients to create novel features, systems, and analyses. We love that our contributions further AppNexus’ position as a pioneer and thought-leader in the AdTech industry, but at the end of the day, we measure our efforts based on the impact and value we create for our clients and internal teammates.About the job:Become an expert in Real Time Bidding (RTB) buying and selling strategies, optimization & yield management algorithms, and data visualizationWork closely with internal teammates and our largest clients to provide Return on Investment (ROI)-focused insights and recommendationsAnalyze and problem solve client performance issuesDesign and execute A/B tests to assess the impact of potential buying strategy, optimization technique, or product releasePartner with Data Science, Product and Engineering teams to roll out and monitor success of new algorithms and product linesDemonstrate thought leadership in digital media analytics and optimizationHelp build our Analytics practice by developing training materials, customer facing assets and internal resourcesProvide feedback and share knowledge with other teams across the companyAbout your skills and experience:2-5 years of relevant analytics work experience and a quantitatively-oriented degreeExperience working with extremely large datasets in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial and fluid start-up environmentStrong analytical and problem-solving skills with a demonstrable passion to dig into terabytes of data and quickly construct toolsExperience with data visualization and using data to tell a storyMastery of MS Excel; experience with relational databases, SQL and Python (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas)Proven excellence at formulating, understanding, and solving complex, non-routine problemsOutstanding organization and presentation skillsStrong written and verbal communication skillsMore about you:You are passionate about a culture of learning and teaching. You love challenging yourself to constantly improve, and sharing your knowledge to empower othersYou like to take risks when looking for novel solutions to complex problems. If faced with roadblocks, you continue to reach higher to make greatness happenYou care about solving big, systemic problems. You look beyond the surface to understand root causes so that you can build long-term solutions for the whole ecosystemYou believe in not only serving customers, but also empowering them by providing knowledge and toolsAppNexus is proud to offer equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We strive to foster a diverse, inclusive and engaging work environment. We welcome applications from all candidates and look forward to receiving yours! Our inclusivity in action:Partnering with Path Forward to offer returnships to help caregivers reenter the workforceSharing feedback openly through roundtable discussions on how to make progress on our Diversity & Inclusion goalsGalvanizing diversity and inclusion through our affinity groups (including OutNexus, AppNexus Women’s Network, AppNexus Latino Alliance and BlackNexus to name just a few!)Partnering with Fairygodboss to support our commitment to women’s advancement in techProviding reasonable accommodations for persons with disabilities, both for interviewees and for employees. Should you require an accommodation, please let us know at your earliest convenience so that we may make arrangements"
"3099145017"	"Investment Data Analyst"	"Balyasny Asset Management"	2019-02-26	71	113	89	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=242900&s=58&guid=000001692f47142d82809466854053f4&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_c031c7af&cb=1551276381818&jobListingId=3099145017"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	" The Job Details are as follows: ROLE OVERVIEW Working within a global team of data analysts, data scientists, and content experts within each of BAM’s key geographic locations the Investment Data Analyst will serve as a steward for all of BAM’s internal and external data content providing actionable data to our L/S, macro, and quantitative investors and will be responsible for the following: Partnering with investors to respond to and address their data needs.Developing a keen understanding of how data is utilized in our investment processes to generate insights and ideas.Designing and implementing programmatic data accuracy, outlier detection, error correction and remediation processes.Evaluating new and differentiated data within the firm and helping strategically prioritize new data initiatives.Working closely with our Data Engineering teams and defining the on-boarding and production requirements for all new data.QUALIFICATIONS & REQUIREMENTS:A passion for data and experience in applying that passion to high quality data products.Ability to perform data analysis and wrangle the data using Python. Must have strong experience coding in Python.Strong understanding of time-series data, third party data vendors, and how they apply to quant and fundamental analysis. Prior experience with quantitative investors (either as a quant or vendor) is strongly preferred.Serve as an in-house expert on data, leveraging your knowledge of vendor and market data collection methodologies to build data, which investors can act on.Demonstrated track record of ownership, leadership, high achievement and raising the standard of those around you.Experience working in an agile environment and with development teams. We expect you and your solutions to be organized and pragmatic.Strong understanding of SQL and relational databases. Familiarity with AWS a plus."
"3040832092"	"Data Analyst, Product"	"Betterment"	2019-02-21	81	112	96	4.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=4120&s=58&guid=000001692f47142d82809466854053f4&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_a8b59f1c&cb=1551276381818&jobListingId=3040832092"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	" Data Science & Analytics is one of the fastest growing teams at Betterment. We operate with a 360 degree view of the company, partnering closely with teams such as Finance, Marketing, Product, and Operations, and always with our users in mind. Our projects range from creating beautiful dashboards to developing models of user behavior. These projects deliver insights that inform product and business decisions across the company. We are looking for more thoughtful, driven, and curious people to push the business even further.About the right team member:At Betterment, there is nothing more important than building the best product we possibly can for our customers. Data plays a central role in how we decide what to build, how we design the customer experience, and how we monitor the performance and adoption of our products. We are looking for a talented product analyst to support these efforts. Betterment is in a growth stage and our product team’s analytics needs are fairly broad, so the work is bound to stay interesting. At any one time, projects may include working with product squads to interpret results of our A/B tests, study customer behavior, design OKRs to measure product performance, build interactive dashboards to track key metrics, and assist in fulfilling ad-hoc data requests from the product and design teams.At Betterment you will get to: Partner closely with cross functional teams of product managers, engineers and designers to refine the user experience and discover opportunities for product improvements.Create impactful quantitative reports, dashboards and insights to provide our product team with critical information to support our decision-making process.Understand how customers use our product, influence the product roadmap and help monitor feature performance.Support ad hoc analysis requests as needed, but over time translate them into tools and metrics.Assist with the design, set-up and analysis of A/B tests to drive iterative improvement through efficient experimentation.Contribute to Betterment’s data driven culture, and influence best practices.Be a member of the broader data science community in NYC, staying abreast of new ideas and trends, and contributing thought leadership. You will be effective if you have: 2+ years experience working in data analytics, finance or consulting.The ability to write SQL in your sleep.Experience with Python or R, along with a desire to become an expert.Comfort with working with large datasets.Passion about solving complex business problems with data and transforming analyses into concise insights and actionable recommendations.Self-starter mentality with a track record of completing projects with minimal guidance.A willingness to be flexible, prioritizing problems that are most pressing and using the most appropriate tools.An ability to build strong relationships with colleagues and stakeholders.An eye for beautiful and effective data visualizations, and experience creating them programmatically.Bonus points if you have:Experience in product analytics and tableau. About BettermentBetterment is the largest independent online financial advisor with more than $15 billion in assets under management. The service is designed to help increase customers’ long-term returns and lower taxes for retirement planning, building wealth, and other financial goals. Betterment takes advanced investment strategies and uses technology to deliver them to more than 370,000 customers across its three business lines: direct-to-consumer, Betterment for Advisors, and Betterment for Business."
"3129503372"	"Senior Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Dataminr"	2019-02-26	122	162	141	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=472621&s=58&guid=000001692f471933a784806181e093ce&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_73113d4b&cb=1551276383064&jobListingId=3129503372"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	"Type: Full TimeWho we are: We are Dataminr. We deliver real-time, actionable alerts that are derived from vast amounts of publicly available information. Our clients are the first to know about high-impact events and critical breaking information, giving them the opportunity to act faster and stay one step ahead when every second counts. We are a mission-driven company committed to the power of real-time information as a force for good in the world.  Our groundbreaking AI and machine learning technology cuts through the noise in an increasingly complex landscape by detecting, classifying, and determining the significance of public information. Headquartered in NYC, Dataminr has revolutionized the way that global news, finance, public sector, corporate security and PR/communications professionals know and act on critical, relevant information to protect people, assets and brands.  Along the way, we've grown to over 450 talented employees across six global offices, raised over $570 million from leading venture and growth technology investors, and been referred to as the \"super tool of journalists and hedge funds.\" We've received numerous awards and accolades from our clients, including recognition from CNBC as one of the world's 50 most disruptive private technology companies in 2016 and joining Forbes' definitive list of the top 100 private cloud companies in the world, in 2017 and 2018.  A career at Dataminr offers the ability to make a meaningful impact at a rapidly growing tech company with a startup culture, while being supported by the experience of a company founded in 2009. We value ownership, curiosity and drive on an individual level and live these values every day. We empower everyone to have a voice at the table and regularly invest in professional development. Our culture promotes cross team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it enables us to do our best work and have fun. Who you are: You're an experienced and technical Senior Business Intelligence Analyst interested in applying your quantitative skills to challenging questions within a data-intensive, information SAAS business that drives innovation across multiple sectors. You have worked closely with senior executives in a highly analytical role (data analysis and visualization, business or marketing analysis, optimization problems) understanding and refining key metrics and their relationships to measure business success. You develop warm relationships with stakeholders and enjoy helping them understand metric trade-offs as you drive influential decisions forward and create impactful change. You excel when you are extracting meaning from complex and big datasets and you have ample technical experience with optimizing SQL, BI platforms, and using Python and R to transform granular event data into aggregated insights [bonus for experience with Spark, SCALA, Redshift, Vertica or Presto]. You communicate your insights both verbally and visually, you are comfortable managing your own work while juggling multiple priorities in a rapidly-growing organization and you naturally build effective partnerships across organizational and functional boundaries in order to deliver high-quality and impactful results. The opportunity: Data Analysts at Dataminr continuously improve the accuracy and efficiency of our analytics and reporting infrastructure. We drive process optimizations forward and provide an analytical framework for the insights that inform product, marketing, sales, and business decisions across the company. This is an opportunity to shape the next generation of our analytics platform including the evaluation of AI features. You'll work to refine what we measure and how we interpret and use that data to inform business decisions. To do this, you'll use a combination of 3rd party and homegrown BI tooling to transform raw data into meaningful insights informed by best practices in data governance and analytical techniques. You'll identify metrics that enable high quality understanding of the performance of the company's key initiatives and then work with our BI and Analytics Engineers to implement the corresponding custom metrics, dashboards and tooling that measure and track performance. You'll work with individual teams to enhance their use of data to improve efficiencies and you'll continually teach what you learn to others.  In the first month, you'll start off by learning the ropes, spending time with different parts of the company to understand how Dataminr works.get up to speed on our company metrics, our data structures and our BI tooling with overview sessions and deep dives with your team.contribute code to production systems. Within 3 months, you'll: Help to plan new metrics and refinements to existing metrics.share responsibility for BI projects with other members of your team.begin to take more of a role in helping others understand our BI strategy. Within 6 months, you'll: own BI initiatives that impact multiple teams.be influential in helping plan the next iterations of our BI tooling.bring new ideas to our engineering and BI processes to help us improve constantly.The way we work: To maintain our momentum, we need a talented, diverse team of people committed to the idea that real-time information can be a force for good in the world. We take initiative, ownership, and are accountable.We work urgently and thoughtfully and are driven to constantly improve.We share knowledge, consider varied perspectives, and assume positive intent.We are commercially minded and deliver measurable results.We maintain a sense of humor and humility.Our offering of competitive benefits and perks include:Competitive compensation package including company equityCompany paid benefits for employees and their dependents, such as medical, dental, vision, disability and lifeFlexible spending account to be used for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses401(k) savings plan with company matchingGenerous leaveDaily catered lunch and kitchen fully stocked with snacks and beveragesDiscounted Gym MembershipDataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.#LI-ID"
"3130486074"	"Business Intelligence Manager"	"EisnerAmper"	2019-02-27	108	150	128	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=119&ao=242900&s=58&guid=000001692f471933a784806181e093ce&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_02a52904&cb=1551276383064&jobListingId=3130486074"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	" Position:Business Intelligence ManagerJob Description:Business Intelligence ManagerSUMMARY: This position is accountable to the entire lifecycle of BI deliverables, from initial need analysis & solution visualization to design, development, testing and delivery.  In this role you will be focused on interacting with internal business associates (Customers) and leveraging analytic tools to address business questions. The candidate will help define requirements, assist in developing, and analyze the output related to data analytics, reporting, and data mining for Business Intelligence. The BI Manager will utilize BI tools in Microsoft Power BI, SQL Server, SSRS, and other systems. This position requires solid technical skills, an analytical mindset, and excellent communication skills. Key Responsibilities:Meet with Customers to understand business problems and questions, exploring options to model data driven platforms used for analyzing answersBecome a trusted partner for Customers who translates business problems into analysis; then helps interpret the analysis into actionable stepsCollaborate with Data Architects to design, implement, and support BI Tools for reporting and analyticsCollaborate with business as a data visualization subject matter expert as well as create complex and innovative dashboards, ad hoc data depictions for stand-alone analysis and coordinated projects.Actively participate in the design, development, and maintenance of complex BI Dashboards, Reports, Queries, and integrated applicationsLead projects and provide functional oversight for project management activities and create user experience guides for data visualization strategy.Manage other resources to complete the development work needed to deliver the required product to the clientAnalyze and share results with users to ensure content meets business requirements; and train users to facilitate adoption and understanding of BI reports and toolsProactively initiate projects and analysis targeting opportunities for revenue growth, risk mitigation, and operational efficiencyCommunicate with senior management and enterprise staff regarding resources for facilitating a culture of data-driven decision makingRequired skills/ Qualification:Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, or other related technical domain8+ Business Intelligence Analytics experience3+ years leading teams in business intelligence, analytics, or data science areasStrong command of MS ExcelExperience and familiarity with processes, platforms, and stakeholdersExcellent technical documentation skillsAdvanced degree or Data Science background is preferred (Statistical Mathematics, Information Systems, Data Mining, Predictive Analytics, etc.)Certifications in BI analytics applications is preferred (Power BI/MicroStrategy/Tableau/SAS/R, etc.)Project Management experience is preferred Location:Iselin"
"2849832848"	"Senior Data Scientist"	"Farfetch"	2019-02-27	107	146	127	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=110&ao=375070&s=58&guid=000001692f47142d82809466854053f4&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_05aaa1d6&cb=1551276381818&jobListingId=2849832848"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	" About the role:  All of our work in Data Science is directed at building software solutions that enhance the marketing activity of the company by using Machine Learning and advanced statistical methods. This means understanding the customer, figuring out who they are, what they want and how to get their attention. Critically, we build systems that do this autonomously.  What you’ll do: You will work with large, complex data sets. Solve hard problems using advanced statistical and Machine Learning techniques. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.You will prototype and productionise Machine Learning pipelines to provide a solution to large commercial impact problems, particularly in the Digital Marketing space, that keep Farfetch ahead of the competition.You will collaborate with other Scientists and Engineers to build efficient data products. Identify opportunities for, design, and assess improvements to Farfetch products.You will research and develop analysis, forecasting, and optimization methods to improve the quality of Farfetch's Digital Marketing activity; including paid search, behavioral modeling, and live experiments.You will be part of our first Data Science team in the United States, working closely with our established Data Science teams in London (UK) and Porto (PT). Who you are: You are experienced with at least 3-5 years in an advanced Engineering and Data Science role, preferably in the adtech space.You are a MS degree holder in a quantitative discipline (e.g., computer science, economics, mathematics, statistics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering).You are fluent in Python, Java, C++ or similar object oriented programming language. Experience developing production software is a bonus.You have applied experience with Machine Learning on large datasets. Experience in Bayesian Inference and Reinforcement Learning is a bonus.You are experienced with distributed computing (e.g., Hive/Hadoop, Spark).You are a passport holder for infrequent trips to Europe."
"3095265242"	"Manager, Business Intelligence"	"Foursquare"	2019-02-21	113	156	133	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=8095&s=58&guid=000001692f471933a784806181e093ce&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_e1a47c02&cb=1551276383064&jobListingId=3095265242"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	"About Foursquare: Foursquare is a technology company that enriches consumer experiences and informs business decisions through location intelligence. A community of more than 50 million people use the Foursquare City Guide and Foursquare Swarm apps and websites to discover new places, explore the world and check in. They have written more than 95 million tips and checked in over 12 billion times. Foursquare powers location data for Snapchat, Apple, Uber, Twitter and 125,000 other developers. Foursquare's business solutions also include Pinpoint, Attribution, Pilgrim SDK and Foursquare Analytics, which empower brands to understand and connect to targeted audiences as well as measure foot traffic and advertising success. About This Position: The Manager, Business Intelligence will partner with the existing ops team and help drive analysis specific to our go-to-market strategy, leveraging our data to build better prioritization and focus essential to scaling our world-class Sales team. This includes planning, reporting, assisting in quota setting and management, program management, sales process optimization, and creating internal business intelligence reports that track the health of the sales organization as well as our enterprise offerings.  The Manager, Business Intelligence is responsible for the overall productivity and effectiveness of the sales organization and will work closely with internal and external stakeholders to ensure the appropriate objectives and priorities within the sales organization are set, enabled, and tracked. Responsibilities:Conduct sophisticated investigations and analysis of complex data and translate the results into actionable deliverables, messages and presentations that guide strategic choices across the Sales organizationManage and drive key projects end to end in terms of orchestrating all the right key stakeholders, doing check-ins and managing timely deliverables and overall results back to Ops team and leadership connected to said projectDevelop regular, optimized reporting (e.g., weekly forecasting, QBRs) that enable Sales leadership to keep a pulse on business performance, including clear insight into key business driversIdentify and evaluate trends and performance measured against sales targets and strategic initiativesIdentifying, diagnosing, and resolving problems of varying levels of complexity, prioritizing critical client issues and identifying department needsRecommend and develop new sales support initiatives to expand and improve outputEvaluate new and existing tools to help the sales team get the most value from software investmentsQualifications:5+ years of experience working in sales, business or marketing operations, or business management and leading a teamA deep understanding of sales operations and Salesforce with a minimum of five (5) years direct relevant experienceProven leader with demonstrated expertise in developing and implementing streamlined processesGreat communication skills with the ability to translate complex data analyses into clear and compelling narratives for Sales and Business leadersGreat attention to detail, self-motivated, and the ability to work in a fast-paced, results-oriented environmentExcellent data analytics skills and strong business acumen; proven ability to leverage complex datasets to refine and answer significant strategic questionsStrong technical, research, problem solving and collaboration skillsExpert in BI tools and CRM systems; highly proficient using and managing SalesforceBachelor's degree in business, finance, sales/marketing, or related discipline Foursquare is proud to foster an inclusive environment that is free from discrimination. We strongly believe in order to build the best products, we need a diversity of perspectives and backgrounds. This leads to a more delightful experience for our users and team members. We value listening to every voice and we encourage everyone to come be a part of building a company and products we love.  Foursquare is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law."
"3097417370"	"Data Engineer"	"GameChanger"	2019-02-23	117	156	135	4.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=114&ao=374446&s=58&guid=000001692f471933a784806181e093ce&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_eb3fe7f2&cb=1551276383064&jobListingId=3097417370"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	"About GameChanger: Sports matter because they inspire leadership, teamwork, commitment, and confidencecritical life lessons that have the power to propel young athletes toward meaningful futures. GameChanger recognizes that without coaches, parents, and volunteers, organized youth sports could not exist. We celebrate those tireless heroes and make it our mission to help them do what they do best.  GameChanger is a technology company providing team management, scorekeeping, and live fan experiences that keep athletes connected with the team community. With GameChanger, coaches and parents can organize and follow their athlete's journey in a simple and powerful way.  We're headquartered in downtown Manhattan and are proud to be part of the DICK'S Sporting Goods family. The position: As a Data Engineer you will work together in a cross-disciplinary team of Data Scientists, Production Engineers, and Data Engineers to evolve our data pipeline to be more resilient, extensible, and maintainable. You will also design and extend data models for a normalized data warehouse with terabytes of data to be turned into sports and customer insights. Our solutions benefit everyone including Product Managers, Developers, Data Scientists, Marketing, Executives, Coaches, Players, and Parents. The role:Partner with the data science team to provide the data and tools they need to solve complex problemsCollaborate across the engineering organization to develop database designs and queriesWork with product teams to get feature data emitted into the data pipeline, and engage with them to leverage insights to inform their roadmapIdentify improvements in the flow of our dataEvaluate new technologies (both self-managed and services) for moving, transforming, modeling, and storing data and make recommendationsImprove ETL efficiencyWork with Engineers in other parts of DICK'S Sporting Goods to design data flows across businessesDesign tools for compliance with data protection lawsWhat we're looking for:Bachelor's degree (or equivalent) in computer science or a related fieldSoftware development experience, preferably as a data or backend engineerExperience with Scala, Python, or TypescriptFamiliarity with Apache KafkaComfort and excitement working across multiple languages, databases, paradigms, etcEagerness to learn about a range of technologies.Our teams use a variety of languages, databases, and technologies to accomplish their objectives, so we're always learning and sharingThe Perks:Be part of a diverse team of genuinely kind and interesting individuals dedicated to improving the lives of our customers.Benefits include medical, vision, prescription, dental, FSA/HRA, and coverage for family/dependents.Generous maternity / paternity leave policyWell-furnished, modern officeCommuter BenefitsEndless supply of snacks and drinksLearning tools including Safari Books Online, opportunities to join clubs, hack days, and conferencesOrganized lunches, happy hours, and team outingsThe Culture: At GameChanger we are  Customer-Obsessed We put our customers first, always asking, \"Will this enhance their youth sports experience?\"We deeply understand our customers and work hard to anticipate their needs.We celebrate and support our customers' contributions to their communities. Team Players We listen actively, seeking to understand others before making ourselves heard.We challenge each other directly while caring about each other personally.We do unglamorous work in service of the team. Ambitious We set aggressive goals designed to drive meaningful change.We are eager teachers and curious students who invest in learning.We are resilient, thriving in change and adversity. Empowered We value creative ideas and productivity over seniority and hours worked.We entrust decisions to those best positioned to make them."
"2671222462"	"Director of Client Services – Microsoft BI Practice"	"KPI Partners"	2019-02-23	153	251	192	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=472726&s=149&guid=000001692f471933a41bbf5fb7442d9c&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_eb60e7db&cb=1551276383031&jobListingId=2671222462"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	"KPI has been recognized by Gartner as one of the top BI Service providers in the world. KPI is a Microsoft partner and has a fast growing Microsoft BI practice. KPI also has pre-built solutions built on Microsoft on-premise and Azure technologies to help accelerate sales.We are currently seeking an experienced Manager/Director of Client Services to join our team. Location is flexible. This position is responsible for targeting potential clients, growing quality pipeline, winning profitable deals and managing sales activities with the objective of creating mutually beneficial, trust-based relationships that create value.The perfect candidate will be familiar with:Delivering technical solutions to enterprise accounts on the Microsoft platform, preferably Data Management and Business Intelligence.Have some experience selling Azure-based consulting services.Someone who has worked with Microsoft or a Microsoft services partner would be an excellent candidate.Our Compensation and Benefits:Compensation will be a mixture of base compensation and sales commissions as well as increased commissions for exceeding quota.KPI has an attractive benefits package including health care, vision care, 401K and health spending accounts. Candidates selected for interviews will be provided with KPI’s 2018 Benefits Handbook prior to the interview. Job Duties & Responsibilities:Core duties and responsibilities include the following. Generate business leads to achieve short and long term revenue and profitable growth through: Network/cold call/follow up leads to find new business opportunities.Engage prospective clients to identify and document business objectives and formulate creative yet pragmatic solutions.Grow and develop accounts through follow up.Leverage Strategic Partners and the Microsoft Sales Organizations.Attend tradeshows and conferences to identify new business opportunities.Develop and maintain a high level of understanding of KPI’s Services and Pre-built solutions for Microsoft customersCollaborate with Services Delivery Managers to identify the optimal resources to staff engagements.Collaborate with the Operations Director to create mutually beneficial client contracts and agreements.Proposal creation and delivery in collaboration with the Services Delivery Manager.Handoff projects to the Service Delivery Management team to ensure successful delivery of services.Negotiate contracts and agreements with clients.Collaborate with the Operations team to ensure all required information is available in a timely manner to turn executed contracts into client engagements.Collaborate with Marketing Manager on marketing and lead generation initiativesSupport Marketing Programs for brand development, market awareness, positioning, and demand generation.Maintain accurate and up-to-date records of all prospecting and sales activities in the CRM system.Participate in regularly scheduled and ad-hoc internal meetings.Job Requirements:Education and Experience:Bachelor’s Degree preferred in computer science or business5+ years relevant work experience in selling consulting services for technology solutionsRequired Abilities and Skills:Proficient in writing and communication skillsAbility to successfully find, develop, and close revenue opportunitiesAbility to take the initiativeEffective negotiationClient service/satisfaction orientationArticulate and professionalProficient in the use of a personal computer and corresponding programsAble to travel up to 25% to 40% of the time"
"2741295942"	"Consultant - Intelligent Process Automation"	"McKinsey & Company"	2019-02-24	80	106	92	4.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=126&ao=133874&s=58&guid=000001692f471933a784806181e093ce&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_1881967f&cb=1551276383064&jobListingId=2741295942"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	" You will advise our internal and external stakeholders on innovations within intelligent process automation, with an eye to identify business needs and uncover areas in need of deeper improvement.      The successful candidate will act as a thought partner in the selection, configuration and implementation of automated solutions (robotic process automation, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, etc.), as well as establish best practices to ensure high quality and efficient process transformation. You will have a seamless blend of understanding operations excellence, technical know-how, communication and consulting skills. The ideal candidate will be integral to the growth and evolution of our automation services and methodology globally. "
"3130781435"	"Senior Business Intelligence Developer"	"New York Presbyterian"	2019-02-27	84	121	98	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=115&ao=283198&s=58&guid=000001692f471933a784806181e093ce&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_42be851d&cb=1551276383064&jobListingId=3130781435"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	" LocationNew York, New YorkShift:Day (United States of America)Description:  Drive Technological Advancement at New York's #1 Hospital  Senior Business Intelligence Developer  At NewYork-Presbyterian, our commitment to cutting-edge technology is crucial to the delivery of world-class care and caring. Employees throughout our organization rely on data resources to perform as efficiently and effectively as possible. Our team drives the organization in the use and adoption of data in today's evolving healthcare environment. Our developers use any combination of methods necessary to develop actionable recommendations and products for our partners. Now, we're seeking an innovative self-starter like you to support the continuous advancement of our hospital's analytic capabilities. Help us Make It Possible.  Key responsibilities include working with team members to complete data related projects such as dashboard development, statistical analyses, and model development. The Senior Business Intelligence Developer will be analyzing Clinical, Operational, and Financial data. Interacting with stakeholders to understand their needs and turn them into actionable products. Leveraging data management skills to develop rich, interactive, visually striking data that facilitate discussion with key stakeholders. Managing project timelines and share concerns about deliverables, timelines and risks. This position serves on our centralized analytics team to meet the needs of our business partners.  Preferred Criteria Master's degree in related fieldMinimum 1 years of experience in Python, Tableau or SQLProject management experienceFluency and understanding of statistical theoryExperience in a hospital patient care settingAbility to capture, transform and analyze raw data, draw conclusions and develop actionable recommendations.Ability to use logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems.Ability to distill and present analytic results to a non-technical audience through various methods of visualizationAbility to work independently to effectively negotiate and manage competing expectations, commitments, and change Required Criteria Bachelor's degree or Master's degree in Computer Science, Business Administration, or equivalent work experienceMinimum 5 years of previous work experienceExcellent verbal and written communication skillsAbility to work within a team environment Join a hospital where employee engagement is at an all-time high. Enjoy competitive compensation along with benefits such as tuition reimbursement, hospital retirement contributions, and financial planning assistance. Start your life-changing journey today. __________________#1 in New York, \"America's Best Hospitals 2017-2018.\" - U.S.News & World Report2018 \"Best Places to Work: Employee's Choice.\" - Glassdoor2018 \"Employees' Choice: Top CEOs\" - Glassdoor2018 \"America's Best Employers.\" - Forbes2018 \"150 Top Places to Work in Healthcare.\" - Becker's Healthcare2018 \"Top-Rated Work Places: Best Hospitals\" - Indeed Discover why we're #1 in New York and a best employer at: nyp.org/careers  NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital is an equal opportunity employer.SDL2017"
"3096585504"	"Data Specialist / Librarian"	"PIMCO"	2019-02-22	63	102	81	3.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=109&ao=450615&s=58&guid=000001692f47142d82809466854053f4&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_69ef9d30&cb=1551276381818&jobListingId=3096585504"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	" General InformationRef #: 25131 Functional Area: Technology Employee Type: Full Time Location: New York Date published: 24-Jan-2019About Us:PIMCO is one of the world’s premier fixed income investment managers with more than 2,200 professionals around the world united in a single purpose: creating opportunities for our clients in every environment. Since 1971, we have brought innovation and expertise to our partnership with the institutions, financial advisors and millions of individual investors who entrust us with their assets. We aspire to cultivate performance and leadership through empowering our people, diversity of thought, and a commitment to an inclusive culture that engages in our global communities.Position Description:* This role can be located in either New York City or Newport Beach, CA  PIMCO is a data rich, data dependent and data intensive business. We gather market and economic data from around the globe which is consumed by our quantitative analysts and portfolio managers to generate insights which, in turn, support the investment process. However, to generate insight from data is dependent on “having the data” and “knowing the data” such as what data/how is data used/who owns the data/what is the data policy, etc..  We are seeking a data librarian who has a passion for data and metadata. This person understands that having command of metadata at scale is a business enabler of everything from business intelligence through AI/ML. The librarian will be responsible for driving our metadata strategy at PIMCO. This includes building our data catalogue and data governance approach. This is a hands-on role working closely with the analytics and portfolio management community. ResponsibilitiesDriving metadata strategies for PIMCO across the business and technologyApply metadata and taxonomy management strategies to organize and classify our data landscapeDevelop and drive continuous improvement of the taxonomy to proactively serve and rapidly retrieve pertinent, meaningful content to our usersDefine and evangelize best practices for organization of datasets and related metadataEnsure that cataloging and metadata practices make resources more accessible and usable, with particular attention to making connectionsPosition Requirements:We recognize that data librarians come from a variety of career backgrounds and are open to unconventional candidates. The successful candidate could come from data background at one of the large data vendors, a technology background or a trading background. Deep intellectual curiosity and passion for data and languagePrior Asset Manager / Investment Management experience requiredKnowledge of financial data sets: tick, order flow, trade, fundamental dataExposure to Bloomberg APIs and ecosystemExperience with building data/information catalogues used by the businessExperience with managing taxonomies in the financial services industryMaintain a strong commitment to quality and attention to detailBenefits:PIMCO is committed to offering a comprehensive portfolio of employee benefits designed to support the health and wellbeing of you and your family. These benefits include medical, dental and vision coverage from your first day of employment.401k Savings and Retirement Plan.Work/Life Programs such as Flexible Work Arrangements, Parental Leave & Support, Employee Assistance Plan, and Educational/CFA Certification Reimbursement Programs.Community involvement opportunities with The PIMCO Foundation in each PIMCO office."
"2625550835"	"Data Scientist"	"Rent the Runway"	2019-02-27	102	147	126	3.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=114&ao=404780&s=58&guid=000001692f47142d82809466854053f4&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_63d68362&cb=1551276381818&jobListingId=2625550835"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	"About Rent the Runway: Recently named #9 on CNBC's Disruptor 50 list for 2018, Rent the Runway is transforming the $2.4 trillion global fashion industry by introducing clothing rental as a utility for women. We have pioneered the closet in the cloud and believe that every person globally will soon have a subscription to fashion. Since our launch in late 2009, the company has raised more than $210 million from top-tier investors and built one of the most beloved brands on earth. We are proud to be both a profitable and high-growth business, with a loyal 9 million members who believe that rental is the future.  Our 1200+ employees have a revolutionary spirit that permeates our culture. We've built proprietary technology, a one-of-a-kind reverse logistics operation, stores of the future, a viral brand, relationships with hundreds of fashion brands - and we are obsessed with continuing to game change our customer experience.  We are also trying to revolutionize entrepreneurship itself - proving that diverse teams produce outsized impact. The Rent the Runway Foundation, which our two co-founders launched together in 2015, helps thousands of female entrepreneurs build and scale their own businesses with the mission of increasing the number of high growth women-led companies. About the Position: Rent the Runway has a complex data ecosystem that spans web and infrastructure logs, transactions and recurring subscription behavior, and tracking each inventory unit and throughput of our home grown reverse logistics rental operations.  Data systems power critical business decisions - from inventory assortment to operational efficacy, from marketing actions to personalized website features and customer experience enhancements - and we want to scale the data science function across all these vectors. In this role, you would:Mine the data ecosystem & find fruitful signalsDevelop and deploy performant algorithms powering applications Examples of applications include consumer-facing recommendation engines, inventory allocation systems, and internal apps for inventory buying and customer experienceDo bleeding-edge work including optimizing how products fit customers (unsolved as of yet), using AI techniques for inventory buying, and real-time streaming/model computations.You should have:Strong academic background in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or a related quantitative/engineering fieldExperience developing software or data products, particularly in Python, our go-to language. We also use packages like R for modeling efforts. Java is main language for our back-end systems.Passion for data and its ability to drive serious business impactAbility to work independently and take responsibility in a function that is growing in strength but is also core to the company's growth"
"3125974038"	"Business Development Manager"	"Rokt"	2019-02-22	81	140	105	4.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=368707&s=58&guid=000001692f471933a784806181e093ce&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_81ce007d&cb=1551276383063&jobListingId=3125974038"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	" Rokt is the leader in e-commerce transaction marketing - We connect active online shoppers with brands when they're most receptive, just when they've made an online purchase with a trusted brand like Ticketmaster or Ebay. Rokt enables companies to acquire new customers at scale through our highly intelligent advertising technology platform focused on data personalization and 1 to 1 marketing. Our sales team is tasked with understanding our customers' businesses, how they measure success, and present solutions powered by Rokt to drive outcomes and reach their goals.  Rokt is seeking a Business Development Manager (BDM) for our NYC office. The BDM will lead the sales process for large businesses for prospective advertisers across the Rokt platform. You will be expected to build and cultivate strategies and sales tactics in the following areas: prospecting, relationship development, pricing, presentation and delivery, negotiations, and closing. It is important that you demonstrate leadership qualities and work in a constructive and collaborative way with both internal counterparts on various teams across the organization, as well as our customers.  A successful BDM is able to think critically and implement strategies that deliver ROI, catered specifically to each client. Furthermore, success in this role is defined by identifying the long-term value that a new advertising client brings to Rokt, as well as facilitating a seamless on-boarding experience.  We're looking for a self motivated, high integrity individual and team player who shares our passion for innovation and everything digital. You’ll be working with industry thought leaders and surrounded by smart and driven people who are passionate about taking on new challenges together. You're a strong fit for this role if you have a sharp, commercial mind that takes a solutions approach to solve complex client problems. You are used to selling into the C-Level of large, complex organizations with a long sales cycle, managing multiple stakeholders and pulling together complex technical solutions. Key Responsibilities:Work alongside our sales team to uncover marketing goals and identify relevant Rokt Solutions for leading Global, Regional and National businesses.Create and manage an effective team relationship between all relevant stakeholders in the local and US marketSupport the broader team in new business growth and the ownership of client strategy and ongoing strategic account recommendations to drive client returnTactical account planning and relationship buildingDeveloping relevant marketing reports and client facing account proposals with the support of cross functional teamsBuild and maintain strong direct client relationships and with designated media agenciesContribute to monthly and quarterly revenue forecasting and account plans This is a hands on role in an exciting, fast paced environment. RequirementsUniversity Bachelor's degree or equivalent.3-5 years of years experience with proven track record of closing high value solutions.Must have a proven track record of selling into and building credible relationships at the \"C\" level as well as through the organization.Professional client-facing skills. Polished, articulate and credible when communicating with clients. Full comprehension of client businesses and needs.A curious mind with a strong desire to leverage creative problem-solving skills to develop new ideas and revenue opportunities for the organization.Experience in working in a fast-paced, high energy sales culture with a proven track record of high performanceStrong leadership skills.Unquestioned ethics and clarity around doing the right thing for our customers, for your co-workers and for the company.Understanding of digital media and emerging marketing and ad tech is preferred.A positive, roll-up-your-sleeves attitude.Past experience and deep executive knowledge & credibility of Travel Industry is a bonus.BenefitsCompetitive salaryHealth and wellness monthly allowanceEmployee Share Scheme, meaning all employees have a financial stake in the businessTechnology allowance, means employees bring their own computer or expense a new oneTraining allowanceCompany end of quarter training and events two times a year (one global, one regional)4% dollar for dollar 401K matching planPremium health insurance for your whole family including: a choice of six different Aetna health benefits plans, some of which are fully funded by RoktFlexible Spending Account (FSA)Life Insurance + Accidental Death & Dismemberment (AD&D)Long Term Disability CoverageShort Term Disability CoverageCommuter BenefitsCasual dressGenerous paid time off policyStaff awards programGenerous staff referral programJob-related training in-house and allowance for external training applications/contributionsGlobal network which offers opportunity to transfer to other marketsLunch provided 3 times a weekSnacks, coffee and drinksCellular phone usage allowance"
"3100548789"	"BI Data Scientist"	"Sapphire Digital"	2019-02-27	98	135	116	3.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=457051&s=149&guid=000001692f471933a41bbf5fb7442d9c&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_e79072ed&cb=1551276383030&jobListingId=3100548789"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	" Sapphire Digital is looking for a Data Scientist who will leverage huge sets of health care payer and related data to analyze the member experience across several dimensions to produce innovative solutions and optimize the delivery of our product offerings. In this role, the Data Scientist applies knowledge of statistics, data modeling, and advanced mathematics to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, and pose business questions.  In this position, you'll be responsible for: Applying knowledge of statistics, machine learning, programming, data modeling, simulation, and advanced mathematics to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, pose business questions, and make valuable discoveries leading to prototype development and product improvement.Working with analytics and statistical software such as SQL, R, Python, and others to perform analysis and interpret data.Producing innovative solutions driven by exploratory data analysis from unstructured, diverse datasets.Working with a highly motivated team that is passionate about complex health care and related data.Supporting various stakeholders in translating health care and related data into actionable insights to improve program performance.Querying health care data (claims, provider, member, externally sourced) using complex SQL joins and statements.Presenting findings and data-driven recommendations to non-technical business partners and leadership.Learning and applying best practices to address several strategic initiatives simultaneously, make delivery commitments, and secure sponsorship with a high degree of professionalism and impact. You might be a good fit if you have: Strong health care data knowledge (medical claims data, clinical data, pharmacy data, and eligibility data) preferred.Bachelor's degree (Statistics, Math, Computer Science, or related field) and a minimum of 3 years work experience as a data scientist.Advanced degree or equivalent experience in Statistics, Biostatistics, Epidemiology, Health Outcomes Research, Actuarial Science, Social Science, or Data Science a plus!Strong technical skills to extract and analyze Big Data such as SQL and HadoopComplete advanced statistical analysis using Python/R/SAS.Experience with version control software (Git preferred), agile development experience, and knowledge of design patterns.Experience working independently, contributing as a member of the team and result driven.Strong presentation skill to explain and present advanced statistical methods using non-technical language to key business stakeholder"
"3127305800"	"Data Analytics Analyst"	"Scadea"	2019-02-23	68	109	87	2.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=37049&s=58&guid=000001692f47142d82809466854053f4&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_e288e559&cb=1551276381818&jobListingId=3127305800"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	" Title: Data Analytics Analyst  Location: NYC  Duration: 12 Months +  Rate: OPEN  Interview Process: Standard (phone F2F or  Skype)  Project Overview: Campaign work including profiling,  targeting, segmentation, reporting and optimization (must have Email  experience) + data work (SQL).  The Role: Experience with campaign targeting, segmentation,  test design/learning plans, reporting and optimization of: Account data (first and 3rd party), including demographics Transactional data (product registrations, eComm, offer redemption) Engagement data (email opens/clicks, push notifications taps, web visits and clickstream) Required Skills:CRM channels (email, Push Notifications) Website/mobile (Adobe/Google Analytics) SQL (this is an essential skill) Data Mining / ProfillingData Visualization: advanced Excel, Tableau, Power BI Marketing AutomationNice to Have Skills:RPythonData Modelling/MLAdobe Test TargetDMP/Digital mediaSocialOther packages / platforms / skills  Who are you? 3-5 years of experience in Data Science, Marketing Analytics, Digital Marketing, or a business-related  field Bachelors degree, in Marketing, Business, Engineering or a related field Passion for digital analytics, working with data and deriving insights to answer client business  questions Comfort with working in and contributing to a fast-paced, team-based environment"
"3099323394"	"Data Engineer"	"ShopKeep"	2019-02-26	87	119	102	2.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=109&ao=472149&s=58&guid=000001692f471933a784806181e093ce&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_d29808d0&cb=1551276383064&jobListingId=3099323394"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	"About Us Born out of frustration with the traditional cash register business, ShopKeep was designed by a retailer with a noble aim: to rescue independent business owners from the nightmare of archaic point of sale systems, and replace them with something beautiful, simple, and affordable. It turned out that by doing this, we were giving our fellow merchants a fighting chance against the big guys.  Today, our mission is simple: empower independent business owners to dream big and to fight smart. We're doing this through our cloud-based architecture, amazing customer care, and intuitive software that delivers the data small business owners need to run smarter businesses.  At ShopKeep, we've been successful because of our awesome team that believes small businesses make up the heart of our communities. About This Role We have terabytes of data and want you to put it to use. You'll work with us on the Data Engineering team to help others throughout the company get the most out of our data. A typical day might include taking a meeting with Customer Care about tracking agent productivity followed by running down a bug with Product's event analytics models in the afternoon. In this role you'll be wearing different hats but mostly building out our python ETL processes or writing excellent SQL, so you should be comfortable jumping in and out of projects. What You'll DoYou are passionate about working with data to solve business problems and will build and maintain the infrastructure to answer questions with data.We have a big warehouse with data ranging from Google AdWords to Zuora billing to Product usage. You'll model new constructs and improve existing ones.Help streamline our data science workflows, adding value to our product offering and building out our customer life cycle and and retention models.All of our teams are hungry for insights. You'll work with stakeholders across the company, fielding abstract requests. This may involve pointing someone to the answer, teaching them how to fish, or ticketing a large project for later.What We'd Like to SeeSQL (3 or more years of experience)Python (3 or more years of experience)Data visualization / exploration tools (1 or more years of experience)Communications skills, especially of technical concepts to non-technical business leadersAttention to detailFamiliarity with the AWS ecosystem specifically RedShift and RDSBonus Points ForLooker experienceBuilding or maintaining ETL processesAbility to juggle multiple projectsExperience with GitBenefitsWe provide the essentialsMedical, Dental, and Vision InsuranceFlexible Paid Time Off (PTO)Commuter Benefits401k Match...and the fun-damentals:Catered MealsHappy HoursBeer FridgeStocked Snack ShelfHackathonsStill have energy to burn?Meditation SessionsMassage TherapyStanding DesksShopKeep is an Equal Opportunity Employer"
"3126660051"	"Business Intelligence, Sr Manager"	"Simon Data"	2019-02-22	131	181	155	4.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=125&ao=160631&s=58&guid=000001692f471933a784806181e093ce&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_fafe68ba&cb=1551276383064&jobListingId=3126660051"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	"ABOUT US Simon Data was founded in 2015 by a team of successful serial entrepreneurs. We're a data-first marketing platform startup, and we approach our work seriously; we tackle problems in a scrappy and disruptive fashion, yet we build for scale to support our clients at big data volume.  We are the first and only enterprise customer data platform with a fully-integrated marketing cloud. Moving beyond the limitations of both categories, Simon's platform empowers businesses to leverage enterprise-scale big data and machine learning to power customer communications in any channel. Simon's unique approach allows brands to develop incredible personalization capabilities without needing to build and maintain massive bespoke data infrastructure.  Our culture is rooted in organizational transparency, empowering individuals, and an attitude of getting things done. If you want to be a valuable contributor on a team that cultivates these core values we would love to hear from you. The Role: Simon data is looking for someone to join us and build out our Business Intelligence function. As a technology, we empower data driven communication, and we're looking to bring on an internal champion of data driven decision making.  This person will work hand in hand with the executive team & functional leaders to make sure the organization has the data and insights it needs to make smart decisions and continuous improvements. You'll create the infrastructure for our budding business intelligence function that will enable our business to track progress against plan and fluctuations over time. You will own our BI system (Looker); you'll work with you data engineering team to transform and bring the appropriate data into the platform, and will be responsible for creating the right data layer and reporting on top of it.  This will be a fascinating opportunity where you'll set up the BI infrastructure for Simon's internal business operations. Phase two will include client performance data to gain a deep understanding of platform ROI. What You'll do:Build and maintain core data analysis infrastructure to enable everyone at Simon to better understand the business through dataOwn our Looker deployment, including data ingestion, data modeling and reportingWork with our data engineering team to ensure the right data is flowing into Looker from our data warehouses and other first-party data sourcesWork with all functional leads to make sure they have the data, insights, and dashboards necessary to improve team performanceWork with our executive team to ensure we're tracking our business' core operating assumptions and have the data necessary to make effective mission-critical decisionsConduct investigative analyses around key areas (e.g. Sales effectiveness and platform margin) to uncover opportunities to improve business performanceQualifications:4-8 years experience in business intelligence and data analysisStrong analytical, statistical, and troubleshooting skillsExperienced with visualization tools like Looker (preferable), Tableau, any statistical / reporting packagesExpert SQL knowledgeBusiness minded we're looking for someone comfortable bridging data analysis & business impactGreat communication and interpersonal skillsResourceful & an eagerness to roll up sleevesWorking understanding of data pipeline development and data warehouse modelingBonus: Experience setting up BI infrastructure (preferably Looker) from scratchBonus: Experience in SaaS and/or sales analyticsBonus: Experience with DBTBonus: Knowledge of Python or other scripting language"
"3126971574"	"Research Data Analyst"	"Simons Foundation"	2019-02-23	64	103	81	3.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=118&ao=450127&s=58&guid=000001692f47142d82809466854053f4&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_8a3f0780&cb=1551276381818&jobListingId=3126971574"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	" Job Description POSITION SUMMARY Make a direct impact on autism research by facilitating access to data from several large, ongoing autism research studies. In collaboration with project managers and coordinators, perform database queries, prepare analysis and summary reports, and regularly prepare data sets for distribution. Work collaboratively and closely with other data analysts, software engineers and scientists. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONSRESPONSIBILITIES Perform database queries, construct data sets and prepare analysis reports. Prepare and maintain documentation Perform database quality assessments Perform analysis of, and document, business requirements. Assist with application testing and training Perform any other duties or tasks as assigned or required MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Education Master's degree in the sciences, mathematics or related field Required Attributes Minimum 3 years experience with SQL Responsive to multiple concurrent requests Ability to prioritize requests Efficient use of time Attention to detail Work to deadlines Desirable Experience Master's degree or higher in the sciences, mathematics or related field. Experience with database design, management and administration. Experience with computer scripting and programming Experience with human-subjects research and understanding of HIPAA Experience with ticketing systems Experience with statistical-analysis approaches Experience with statistical software in RPython THE SIMONS FOUNDATION'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT Many of the greatest ideas and discoveries come from a diverse mix of minds, backgrounds and experiences, and we are committed to cultivating an inclusive work environment. The Simons Foundation provides equal opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic disposition, neurodiversity, disability, veteran status, or any other protected category under federal, state and local law."
"1518289779"	"Experienced Business & Technology Consultant (NYC)"	"Systems Evolution Inc."	2019-02-27	119	168	141	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=128&ao=273947&s=58&guid=000001692f471933a784806181e093ce&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_681dca13&cb=1551276383064&jobListingId=1518289779"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	"WHO WE LOOK FOR An SEI Consultant is a master communicator and active listener who understands how to navigate an audience. Self-aware, almost to a fault, SEI consultants keenly understand how to adjust their approach based on the situation. Following a logical, fact-based approach, our consultants possess the superior ability to see correlations others may not, ask the right questions and drive solutions.  As super-connectors, our consultants connect not only people, but data, trends and experiences. Mature, humble, and genuine, SEI Consultants frequently go above and beyond for both their clients and their colleagues. SEI Consultants are ethical and trustworthy individuals who do what they say. SEI Consultants have an insatiable curiosity and love to learn. These individuals are commonly tech savvy and early adopters. Their passion for learning is infectious and excites others.  As every project is different, an SEI Consultant must be adaptable and comfortable with unexpected situations. An SEI Consultant must be at ease with ambiguity because although a client knows that a problem exists – they need SEI to figure it out and drive a solution. SEI Consultants define ambition differently. SEI Consultants are authentic, low-maintenance individuals who like to hang out with colleagues outside of work. Whether it be cooking, traveling, hiking, or volunteering, SEI Consultants enjoy working with genuine, thoughtful folks who want to steer clear of the traditional grind and share the joy of day-to-day life and activities with colleagues, friends and family. WHAT WE DO Our consultants work with clients at all levels of the organization, from the C-suite to the shop floor, helping them to deliver on their most strategic initiatives. We’re known for making realistic, data-driven decisions that deliver value in tangible ways to our clients. Our clients ask for us on projects that require a superior combination of technical and business capabilities, people and management skills, and a collaborative mindset. We excel in understanding complex programs and strategic initiatives and breaking them into actionable pieces.  We work across a variety of industries and business functions and provide depth and breadth of experience across a core set of service areas: Agile Transformation and DeliveryAnalytics and Business IntelligenceBusiness Process & TransformationOrganizational Change ManagementInformation Management & Data GovernanceProgram & Project Leadership & ExecutionStrategic PlanningVendor & Technology SelectionUser Experience (UX) A career at SEI extends well beyond providing great service and thought leadership to our clients. Everyone takes an active role in building and managing our business, in an environment that runs counter to traditional consulting firms. Our consultants have a \"seat at the table\" and contribute to growing our business in ways that align to their interests such as growing business development opportunities, conducting interviews to support our hiring process, managing internal initiatives that build our brand or organizing trainings to share what you know with your colleagues. There is no telling what an SEI Consultant will be asked to do on a day-to-day basis – we do what it takes to get the job done. QUALIFICATIONSRequiredDemonstrated business acumenProven track record of delivering resultsExperience working with and/or leading a teamAbility to work independentlyAbility to work across industries, roles, functions & technologiesPositive can-do attitudeAuthorization for permanent employment in the United States (this position is not eligible for immigration sponsorship)PreferredBachelor’s degreeMinimum 8+ years professional experienceConsulting experienceExperience across our service offeringsProfessional certifications (e.g. PMP , Scrum, Agile)"
"3096035665"	"Data Analyst"	"Walt Disney Company"	2019-02-22	66	108	85	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=37049&s=58&guid=000001692f47142d82809466854053f4&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_0e82f04d&cb=1551276381818&jobListingId=3096035665"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	" We are seeking a Data Analyst who will focus on analyzing subscriber retention and engagement. Collaborating across marketing, product, data engineering, data science and business teams, this position will design and implement reporting that enables internal clients to access, explore and monitor data, as well as perform analysis and share underlying trends and insights to help teams have a better understanding of the ESPN+ and Disney+ subscribers, audience behavior and engagement drivers.Responsibilities :Mine data, perform quantitative analysis and create clear and actionable narratives about our audience, their behaviors, and drivers of retention and engagement.Partner with colleagues facilitating the design, build and automation of reports / dashboards that provide insight into customer conversion and behavior.Build intuitive interfaces, infographics, and visualizations to tell stories with data.Create presentations with analysis and insights for both technical and non-technical audiences.Basic Qualifications :2+ years of analytical experience, 1 of these years must be work experience using SQL and Python/R or other statistical programming language.Familiarity with data exploration and data visualization tools like Tableau, Looker, Chartio, etc. It is a plus if you can share a portfolio of clear, intuitive and insightful visualizations.Understanding of statistics concepts (e.g., hypothesis testing, regression analysis).Ability to think strategically, analyze and interpret market and consumer information.Strong communication skills, as well as written and verbal presentation skills.Required Education :College degree in an analytical field."
"3043077321"	"Senior Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Zocdoc"	2019-02-23	100	134	116	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=112&ao=8095&s=58&guid=000001692f471933a784806181e093ce&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_c8659df4&cb=1551276383064&jobListingId=3043077321"	2019-02-27 09:06:59	" Zocdoc is seeking an ambitious, detail-oriented individual to work with our Business Intelligence and Product Management teams. You will be responsible for partnering closely with our Product Management teams to define, execute and manage that team's data and analytics strategy. You will use a scientific approach to help teams identify what aspects of their business lines are most important, and how to improve them. This job will not only entail reporting and analysis, but also data-pipeline development and maintenance. What You'll Do:Collaborate with business partners to drive their data strategy, which includes; managing KPIs and funnel metrics with associated reporting; deep dive analysis to perform root cause investigations and opportunity sizing; AB test support.Write queries and code to extract relevant data from various platforms.Collaborate with other analysts to maintain our dashboards, ensuring they are up-to-date, accurate, and fair representations of product performance.Automate and streamline existing analytics processes to maximize efficiency.Help ensure that data is accurate and consistent throughout the organization.Train teams how to leverage our data tools and assess whether their conclusions are valid.Work with engineering teams in tracking events that are critical to measuring company performance.Clearly communicate your findings to a range of stakeholders to inform and educate themWhat's Required:3+ years experience working with large data sets to extract and surface actionable findings.Degree in engineering, science, statistics, economics, finance or related technical field.Experience communicating to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.Proven track record of forming and executing on high-level business strategy.Advanced Excel skills including pivot tables, macros, charts, functions, and VBA modeling.Proficiency with SQL.Experience with data modeling in Tableau, Looker or data visualization tool.Experience with a Customer Data Platform tool is a plus (mParticle, Segment).Knowledge of Spark or Hive is a plus.MBA is a plus.Experience with Python or R a plus.Experience in Marketing and/or Ad Tech a plus."
