"jobListingId"	"title"	"company"	"last_updated"	"salary_min_est"	"salary_max_est"	"salary_est"	"review"	"url"	"run_time"	"description"
"3100851690"	"Business Intelligence Manager"	"Amazon"	2019-01-30	105	144	124	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=114&ao=133043&s=58&guid=000001689ff4efc483d1131b944fbf8b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_4c708160&cb=1548871856526&jobListingId=3100851690"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	" Amazons Advertising Analytics and Insights (A&I) team is looking for a motivated and experienced Business Intelligence Manager to help us build a new global visualization and reporting product to support the needs of our largest global advertisers. We are a startup within one of the fastest growing and most strategic parts of Amazon. Our team owns the product, technology and deployment roadmap for advanced analytics and insight products across our advertiser success team. Advertiser success is core to Amazons growth, as it helps our suppliers drive awareness, consideration, and purchase of their products by hundreds of millions of consumers around the world, and generates revenue which helps us lower prices and invest in improvements to our customer experience. We are a highly motivated, collaborative and fun-loving team with an entrepreneurial spirit and bias for action. With a broad mandate to experiment and innovate, we are growing at an unprecedented rate with a seemingly endless range of new opportunities.  In this role, you build and lead a team of Business Intelligence Engineers to create a new global visualization and reporting product that will provide a clear and over-arching view of the largest global brands advertising investments. You build on Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Amazon QuickSight, our cloud-powered business intelligence (BI) service. The product will show metrics on topics such as campaign delivery and return on advertising investment, and it will span multiple countries and multiple advertising channels, such as display and search. You engage with internal partners to understand the needs of the business, and you own the design, development, and maintenance of metrics, reports, dashboards, visualizations, etc. You drive operational excellence for data ingestion, transformation and publication to ensure confidence in the systems that we build. You deeply analyze results to understand and explain what the data has to say and how it can be used. We are looking for a leader who can thrive in a startup environment, thinks big, moves fast, and wants to change the way customers use data to drive business success. If you are passionate about creating the future, come join us as we work hard, have fun, and make history. Basic Qualifications · Bachelor's degree in computer science, business, engineering, or a related field  · Proven ability to attract, hire, retain and grow a team of talented engineers and analysts  · 10+ years of professional experience in business intelligence, analytics, data engineering, or application development  · 5+ years of people management experience leading business intelligence or analytics teams Familiarity with data visualization tools such as QuickSight, QlikView, Power BI, or Tableau  · Hands-on experience using SQL, ETL, and data warehousing in a large-scale, complex business environment  · Experience with Amazon Web Services technologies  · Track record of successfully delivering complex analytical and/or data visualization solutions to customers, while influencing business partners to balance the need to deliver fast and build scalable solutions  · Strong communication and organizational skills  · Proven ability to drive efficiency and scalability through automation and innovation"
"2930248330"	"Data Engineer"	"Animoto"	2019-01-26	120	160	139	4.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=112&ao=354592&s=58&guid=000001689ff4efc483d1131b944fbf8b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_f0673a45&cb=1548871856526&jobListingId=2930248330"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"We are looking for a Data Engineer with a focus on analytics and data warehousing to own data at Animoto. Our goal is to transition from a batch-based pull data pipeline to a flexible and scalable event-based model. You will set the direction and be the reality expert for Animoto, helping leadership across functions translate their products and questions into actionable metrics, analysis, reports, and recommendations. Animoto is 100% cloud-based using S3 and Redshift as our primary data lake. Our data platform handles the transport and transformation of over 6 billion transactional records, and over 200 billion events from a wide variety of data sources. Unlocking the insights in this data will be key to winning the future of video marketing. Why Animoto Wants You:You are highly analytical, ask the right questions, and have been complimented on your ability to delivery meaningful and impact driven insights using big data.You are customer focused and eager to work with stakeholders to deliver value.You have a data vision: you understand how website technologies work today and where they are going in the future.You are smart, quick, and creative: an engineer who will dig into the system and find various ways to improve it.The Day to Day:Set the direction and be the primary executor with the goal of making Animotos data easily consumable, highly actionable, and available to the widest number of internal usersArchitect, design, and develop Animoto.coms data infrastructure to support the wide variety of application and analytical needsDesign and implement dimensional data models and systems that scalePartner with product, engineering, and data analysts to explore structured and unstructured data to leverage business insightsWhat Were Looking for:Bachelors degree in CS or equivalent work experienceSolid experience in languages like Ruby or PythonStrong experience with SQLExperience with Splunk or other Elasticsearch toolsFamiliarity with ETL and BI conceptsBonus Points:Comfortable with AWS (Redshift, Athena, etc)Comfortable working in application code when neededFamiliarity with LookerWhy You'll Want to Work at Animoto:Be a part of a thriving engineering team that includes opportunities to collaborate with teams across the organization including, product, design, and marketing.Learn and grow within a role that is important to you- we encourage exploration and the chance to work on interesting projects that challenge you professionally.You resonate with our companys mission and value teamwork.We have an inclusive and quirky culture here! Ask us about our values: Humbletude, Betterfication, and Oomphosity.Great benefits. We offer competitive salary, bonus, equity, 100% paid medical, dental, and vision for you and your dependents, and paid time off to name a few.At Animoto, we help our customers communicate who they are, what they do, and what they love through video. Our users are connected by the desire to use video to share what matters most to them, but come from all walks of life and are passionate about all sorts of different things. Were proud to help them share these passions. Similarly, we embrace the differences of our team members and actively seek diversity of beliefs, backgrounds, education, and all the other things that make us unique. We strive to create a space where employees can bring their true selves to work every day. By doing so, were building an inclusive culture where we can continue innovating for our customers. We too are united in the belief that our voices are even more powerful when using video to communicate, and we aim to have a workplace that reflects the variety of our users. Animoto is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and affirmative action employer."
"3096145370"	"Associate Data Analyst"	"AppNexus"	2019-01-25	66	103	83	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=9619&s=58&guid=000001689ff4e939b3452cf4db330a5a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_fcef6de0&cb=1548871854963&jobListingId=3096145370"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"Associate Data AnalystData Analysts are the creative thought leaders responsible for leveraging data to maximize performance for our most strategic clients and our product as a whole. We partner closely with the Account Management, Services, Product, Data Science, and Engineering teams to study client and product performance data, identify areas for improvement, and implement enhancements to drive success on our platform. Our team is focused on tool-building and teaching others so that we can scale analytical capabilities across AppNexus. This role is perfect for someone who has a quantitatively-oriented degree, commercial work experience, a passion for mathematics, analytics, and coding, and a strong desire to use data to inspire success for our customers.About the team:The core mission of the Analytics organization is to drive strategy and execution across the company using data to inform and empower our partners. Whether we’re working with client-facing field teams or internal decision makers, we aim to meet any reporting, analytics, visualization and story-telling needs they may have. Beyond our data capabilities, our team acts as consultants for our partners, breaking down every request to ensure that the analytical insights we’re providing will truly help achieve our partners’ goals. Our toolkit includes elements of theory – probability models, statistics, machine learning, game theory – as well as practical tools and techniques for manipulating and exploring vast quantities of data. Depending on the exact role, we work closely with Production Engineers, Product Managers, Operations, Account Managers, Services, Marketing, and sometimes directly with clients to create novel features, systems, and analyses. We love that our contributions further AppNexus’ position as a pioneer and thought-leader in the AdTech industry, but at the end of the day, we measure our efforts based on the impact and value we create for our clients and internal teammates.About the job:Become an expert in Real Time Bidding (RTB) buying and selling strategies, optimization & yield management algorithms, and data visualizationWork closely with internal teammates and our largest clients to provide Return on Investment (ROI)-focused insights and recommendationsAnalyze and problem solve client performance issuesDesign and execute A/B tests to assess the impact of potential buying strategy, optimization technique, or product releasePartner with Data Science, Product and Engineering teams to roll out and monitor success of new algorithms and product linesDemonstrate thought leadership in digital media analytics and optimizationHelp build our Analytics practice by developing training materials, customer facing assets and internal resourcesProvide feedback and share knowledge with other teams across the companyAbout your skills and experience:2-5 years of relevant analytics work experience and a quantitatively-oriented degreeExperience working with extremely large datasets in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial and fluid start-up environmentStrong analytical and problem-solving skills with a demonstrable passion to dig into terabytes of data and quickly construct toolsExperience with data visualization and using data to tell a storyMastery of MS Excel; experience with relational databases, SQL and Python (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas)Proven excellence at formulating, understanding, and solving complex, non-routine problemsOutstanding organization and presentation skillsStrong written and verbal communication skillsMore about you:You are passionate about a culture of learning and teaching. You love challenging yourself to constantly improve, and sharing your knowledge to empower othersYou like to take risks when looking for novel solutions to complex problems. If faced with roadblocks, you continue to reach higher to make greatness happenYou care about solving big, systemic problems. You look beyond the surface to understand root causes so that you can build long-term solutions for the whole ecosystemYou believe in not only serving customers, but also empowering them by providing knowledge and toolsAppNexus is proud to offer equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We strive to foster a diverse, inclusive and engaging work environment. We welcome applications from all candidates and look forward to receiving yours! Our inclusivity in action:Partnering with Path Forward to offer returnships to help caregivers reenter the workforceSharing feedback openly through roundtable discussions on how to make progress on our Diversity & Inclusion goalsGalvanizing diversity and inclusion through our affinity groups (including OutNexus, AppNexus Women’s Network, AppNexus Latino Alliance and BlackNexus to name just a few!)Partnering with Fairygodboss to support our commitment to women’s advancement in techProviding reasonable accommodations for persons with disabilities, both for interviewees and for employees. Should you require an accommodation, please let us know at your earliest convenience so that we may make arrangements"
"3040832092"	"Data Analyst, Product"	"Betterment"	2019-01-24	81	112	96	4.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=4120&s=58&guid=000001689ff4e939b3452cf4db330a5a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_db98e277&cb=1548871854963&jobListingId=3040832092"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	" Data Science & Analytics is one of the fastest growing teams at Betterment. We operate with a 360 degree view of the company, partnering closely with teams such as Finance, Marketing, Product, and Operations, and always with our users in mind. Our projects range from creating beautiful dashboards to developing models of user behavior. These projects deliver insights that inform product and business decisions across the company. We are looking for more thoughtful, driven, and curious people to push the business even further.About the right team member:At Betterment, there is nothing more important than building the best product we possibly can for our customers. Data plays a central role in how we decide what to build, how we design the customer experience, and how we monitor the performance and adoption of our products. We are looking for a talented product analyst to support these efforts. Betterment is in a growth stage and our product team’s analytics needs are fairly broad, so the work is bound to stay interesting. At any one time, projects may include working with product squads to interpret results of our A/B tests, study customer behavior, design OKRs to measure product performance, build interactive dashboards to track key metrics, and assist in fulfilling ad-hoc data requests from the product and design teams.At Betterment you will get to: Partner closely with cross functional teams of product managers, engineers and designers to refine the user experience and discover opportunities for product improvements.Create impactful quantitative reports, dashboards and insights to provide our product team with critical information to support our decision-making process.Understand how customers use our product, influence the product roadmap and help monitor feature performance.Support ad hoc analysis requests as needed, but over time translate them into tools and metrics.Assist with the design, set-up and analysis of A/B tests to drive iterative improvement through efficient experimentation.Contribute to Betterment’s data driven culture, and influence best practices.Be a member of the broader data science community in NYC, staying abreast of new ideas and trends, and contributing thought leadership. You will be effective if you have: 2+ years experience working in data analytics, finance or consulting.The ability to write SQL in your sleep.Experience with Python or R, along with a desire to become an expert.Comfort with working with large datasets.Passion about solving complex business problems with data and transforming analyses into concise insights and actionable recommendations.Self-starter mentality with a track record of completing projects with minimal guidance.A willingness to be flexible, prioritizing problems that are most pressing and using the most appropriate tools.An ability to build strong relationships with colleagues and stakeholders.An eye for beautiful and effective data visualizations, and experience creating them programmatically.Bonus points if you have:Experience in product analytics and tableau. About BettermentBetterment is the largest independent online financial advisor with more than $15 billion in assets under management. The service is designed to help increase customers’ long-term returns and lower taxes for retirement planning, building wealth, and other financial goals. Betterment takes advanced investment strategies and uses technology to deliver them to more than 370,000 customers across its three business lines: direct-to-consumer, Betterment for Advisors, and Betterment for Business."
"3096001533"	"Director, Business Intelligence"	"Comcast"	2019-01-24	121	162	139	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=127&ao=133495&s=58&guid=000001689ff4efc483d1131b944fbf8b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_610c0c2c&cb=1548871856526&jobListingId=3096001533"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	" FreeWheel, A Comcast Company, comprised of FreeWheel Publishers, FreeWheel Markets, and FreeWheel Advertisers empowers all segments of The New TV Ecosystem. We are structured to provide the full breadth of solutions the advertising industry needs to achieve their goals. We power the technology, data enablement, and convergent marketplaces required to ensure buyers and sellers can transact across all screens, across all data types, and all sales channels, in order to ensure the ultimate goal results for marketers. With offices in New York, San Francisco, Chicago, London, Paris, Beijing, and across the globe, FreeWheel, A Comcast Company, stands to advocate for the entire industry through the FreeWheel Council for Premium Video.Job Summary:Responsible for completing the business case development and the processto measure the business impact of the internal business intelligencesolutions. Defines and implements the overall business intelligenceprogram goals and tasks in terms of scope, quality, budget, andschedule. Provides leadership and direction for team which may includemultiple functional areas. Develops and implements strategy forfunctional area(s). May have responsibility for developing and managingbudget.RESPONSIBILITIES: *Lead the team responsible for all internal business intelligence & performance reporting for FreeWheel and its Business Units *Work with Product and Engineering BI/BA teams to translate business needs to technical specifications *Develop a comprehensive BI program for FreeWheel and work with the Business groups to provide frequent insight and business intelligence to help them make data-backed decisions *Design, build and deploy BI solutions (e.g. reporting tools) *Maintain and support data analytics platforms *Ownership of FreeWheel's CRM tool and setup *Evaluate and improve existing BI systems *Collaborate with teams to integrate systems *Develop and update technical documentationABOUT YOU *8+ years' experience leading Business Intelligence *Understanding of the business and how providing reporting and insights to management will help accelerate our progress against our vision *Industry experience is preferred *Team Management experience *Background in data warehouse design (e.g. dimensional modeling) and data mining *In-depth understanding of database management systems and ETL (Extract, transform, load) framework *Familiarity with BI technologies (e.g. Microsoft Power BI, Looker, Tableau) *Understanding of Salesforce environment *Proven abilities to take initiative and be innovative *Analytical mind with a problem-solving aptitude *BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field *Generally requires 10+ years related experienceComcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer"
"3099331151"	"Senior Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Dataminr"	2019-01-29	122	162	141	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=118&ao=472621&s=58&guid=000001689ff4efc483d1131b944fbf8b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_bfb2fa4c&cb=1548871856526&jobListingId=3099331151"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"Type: Full TimeWho we are: We are Dataminr. We deliver real-time, actionable alerts that are derived from vast amounts of publicly available information. Our clients are the first to know about high-impact events and critical breaking information, giving them the opportunity to act faster and stay one step ahead when every second counts. We are a mission-driven company committed to the power of real-time information as a force for good in the world.  Our groundbreaking AI and machine learning technology cuts through the noise in an increasingly complex landscape by detecting, classifying, and determining the significance of public information. Headquartered in NYC, Dataminr has revolutionized the way that global news, finance, public sector, corporate security and PR/communications professionals know and act on critical, relevant information to protect people, assets and brands.  Along the way, we've grown to over 450 talented employees across six global offices, raised over $570 million from leading venture and growth technology investors, and been referred to as the \"super tool of journalists and hedge funds.\" We've received numerous awards and accolades from our clients, including recognition from CNBC as one of the world's 50 most disruptive private technology companies in 2016 and joining Forbes' definitive list of the top 100 private cloud companies in the world, in 2017 and 2018.  A career at Dataminr offers the ability to make a meaningful impact at a rapidly growing tech company with a startup culture, while being supported by the experience of a company founded in 2009. We value ownership, curiosity and drive on an individual level and live these values every day. We empower everyone to have a voice at the table and regularly invest in professional development. Our culture promotes cross team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it enables us to do our best work and have fun. Who you are: You're an experienced and technical Senior Business Intelligence Analyst interested in applying your quantitative skills to challenging questions within a data-intensive, information SAAS business that drives innovation across multiple sectors. You have worked closely with senior executives in a highly analytical role (data analysis and visualization, business or marketing analysis, optimization problems) understanding and refining key metrics and their relationships to measure business success. You develop warm relationships with stakeholders and enjoy helping them understand metric trade-offs as you drive influential decisions forward and create impactful change. You excel when you are extracting meaning from complex and big datasets and you have ample technical experience with optimizing SQL, BI platforms, and using Python and R to transform granular event data into aggregated insights [bonus for experience with Spark, SCALA, Redshift, Vertica or Presto]. You communicate your insights both verbally and visually, you are comfortable managing your own work while juggling multiple priorities in a rapidly-growing organization and you naturally build effective partnerships across organizational and functional boundaries in order to deliver high-quality and impactful results. The opportunity: Data Analysts at Dataminr continuously improve the accuracy and efficiency of our analytics and reporting infrastructure. We drive process optimizations forward and provide an analytical framework for the insights that inform product, marketing, sales, and business decisions across the company. This is an opportunity to shape the next generation of our analytics platform including the evaluation of AI features. You'll work to refine what we measure and how we interpret and use that data to inform business decisions. To do this, you'll use a combination of 3rd party and homegrown BI tooling to transform raw data into meaningful insights informed by best practices in data governance and analytical techniques. You'll identify metrics that enable high quality understanding of the performance of the company's key initiatives and then work with our BI and Analytics Engineers to implement the corresponding custom metrics, dashboards and tooling that measure and track performance. You'll work with individual teams to enhance their use of data to improve efficiencies and you'll continually teach what you learn to others.  In the first month, you'll start off by learning the ropes, spending time with different parts of the company to understand how Dataminr works.get up to speed on our company metrics, our data structures and our BI tooling with overview sessions and deep dives with your team.contribute code to production systems. Within 3 months, you'll: Help to plan new metrics and refinements to existing metrics.share responsibility for BI projects with other members of your team.begin to take more of a role in helping others understand our BI strategy. Within 6 months, you'll: own BI initiatives that impact multiple teams.be influential in helping plan the next iterations of our BI tooling.bring new ideas to our engineering and BI processes to help us improve constantly.The way we work: To maintain our momentum, we need a talented, diverse team of people committed to the idea that real-time information can be a force for good in the world. We take initiative, ownership, and are accountable.We work urgently and thoughtfully and are driven to constantly improve.We share knowledge, consider varied perspectives, and assume positive intent.We are commercially minded and deliver measurable results.We maintain a sense of humor and humility.Our offering of competitive benefits and perks include:Company paid benefits for employees and their dependents, such as medical, dental, vision, disability and lifeFlexible spending account to be used for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses401(k) savings plan with company matchingGenerous leaveDaily catered lunchA kitchen fully stocked with snacks and beveragesDiscounted Gym MembershipDataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.#LI-ID"
"3042181912"	"Analyst"	"Equinox Fitness"	2019-01-25	64	100	81	3.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=134160&s=58&guid=000001689ff4e939b3452cf4db330a5a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_cc682890&cb=1548871854963&jobListingId=3042181912"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	" AnalystOverview OUR STORY We are a company with integrated luxury and lifestyle offerings centered on Movement, Nutrition and Regeneration. In addition to Equinox, our other brands, Blink, Pure Yoga, SoulCycle, Furthermore, and Equinox Hotels are all recognized for inspiring and motivating members and employees to maximize life. Within our portfolio of brands, we have more than 200 locations within every major city across the United States in addition to London, Toronto, & Vancouver. OUR CODE We are passionate about high performance living and we practice what we preach – investing time in our own health and fitness. We believe that everyone has untapped potential within them and it takes a disruptive approach to unleash it. We dream big and don’t settle for the status quo. We sweat the details. We never accept less than 110% to help each other deliver the Equinox experience and enable our members to get great results. We are obsessed with what’s new, what’s now, what’s next. Never following, always leading, living ahead of the moment in fashion, culture and consumer behavior. We aren’t just a company; we’re a community vested in each other’s success. We value humility and a team approach at every level of the company.  If you are a high performing individual who is passionate about winning and inspiring others, then we are excited to discuss career opportunities with you.  Job Description  Equinox is seeking an Analyst with strong numerical and communication skills to support the Business Analytics Team, playing an essential role in prospect, sales, member and revenue analytics. You will enjoy working on a ground-breaking team in the fitness industry with rich data sets, a robust analytics capability within a growing and innovative brand, and turning your insights into actionable business strategy. We are seeking candidates with a minimum of 2-3 years of experience and who can start full time in the next month.  The Business Analytics team works cross functionally to align business goals and discover opportunities using strong analytics and data insights. The role reports into our Director of Analytics and sits at our headquarters in Flatiron. If interested and qualified, please apply directly to the role online to ensure your resume is reviewed. RESPONSIBILITIESPrepare and distribute reports on a recurring basisGather, analyze, and interpret data to support business strategy by providing actionable recommendationsProvide general analytical support to the Business Analytics TeamPrepare presentations to the Board, Executive Team and other internal committeesCollaborate with business partners across Marketing, Sales, Technology, Ancillary teamsVarious other projects / tasks as they arise Qualifications Strong analytical skills, plus ability to develop and clearly articulate insights from large, complex datasets2-3 years of experienceExcellent communication, presentation, and interpersonal skillsMust be able to work independentlyAbility to multi-task and work simultaneously with different Managers, as well as different parts of the businessDetailed knowledge of Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, and Microsoft PowerPointKnowledge of programming languages a plus (eg: SQL, SAS) Additional Information AS A MEMBER OF THE EQUINOX TEAM YOU WILL RECEIVE:We offer competitive salary and benefitsComplimentary Club membership30- 50% discounts on all Equinox products and services including Personal Training, Private Pilates, Spa and Café’ services and Shop items This job description is intended to describe the general requirements for the position. It is not a complete statement of duties, responsibilities or requirements. Other duties not listed here may be assigned as necessary to ensure the proper operations of the department. Equinox is an equal opportunity employer. For more information regarding our career opportunities, please visit one of our clubs or our website athttps://careers.equinox.com/ All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Must have a legal right to work in the United States"
"3095618564"	"Manager, Business Intelligence"	"Foursquare"	2019-01-24	113	155	134	4.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=110&ao=4120&s=58&guid=000001689ff4efc483d1131b944fbf8b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_08e539cd&cb=1548871856526&jobListingId=3095618564"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"About Foursquare: Foursquare is a technology company that enriches consumer experiences and informs business decisions through location intelligence. A community of more than 50 million people use the Foursquare City Guide and Foursquare Swarm apps and websites to discover new places, explore the world and check in. They have written more than 95 million tips and checked in over 12 billion times. Foursquare powers location data for Snapchat, Apple, Uber, Twitter and 125,000 other developers. Foursquare’s business solutions also include Pinpoint, Attribution, Pilgrim SDK and Foursquare Analytics, which empower brands to understand and connect to targeted audiences as well as measure foot traffic and advertising success. About This Position: The Manager, Business Intelligence will partner with the existing ops team and help drive analysis specific to our go-to-market strategy, leveraging our data to build better prioritization and focus essential to scaling our world-class Sales team. This includes planning, reporting, assisting in quota setting and management, program management, sales process optimization, and creating internal business intelligence reports that track the health of the sales organization as well as our enterprise offerings.  The Manager, Business Intelligence is responsible for the overall productivity and effectiveness of the sales organization and will work closely with internal and external stakeholders to ensure the appropriate objectives and priorities within the sales organization are set, enabled, and tracked. Responsibilities:Conduct sophisticated investigations and analysis of complex data and translate the results into actionable deliverables, messages and presentations that guide strategic choices across the Sales organizationManage and drive key projects end to end in terms of orchestrating all the right key stakeholders, doing check-ins and managing timely deliverables and overall results back to Ops team and leadership connected to said projectDevelop regular, optimized reporting (e.g., weekly forecasting, QBRs) that enable Sales leadership to keep a pulse on business performance, including clear insight into key business driversIdentify and evaluate trends and performance measured against sales targets and strategic initiativesIdentifying, diagnosing, and resolving problems of varying levels of complexity, prioritizing critical client issues and identifying department needsRecommend and develop new sales support initiatives to expand and improve outputEvaluate new and existing tools to help the sales team get the most value from software investmentsQualifications:5+ years of experience working in sales, business or marketing operations, or business management and leading a teamA deep understanding of sales operations and Salesforce with a minimum of five (5) years direct relevant experienceProven leader with demonstrated expertise in developing and implementing streamlined processesGreat communication skills with the ability to translate complex data analyses into clear and compelling narratives for Sales and Business leadersGreat attention to detail, self-motivated, and the ability to work in a fast-paced, results-oriented environmentExcellent data analytics skills and strong business acumen; proven ability to leverage complex datasets to refine and answer significant strategic questionsStrong technical, research, problem solving and collaboration skillsExpert in BI tools and CRM systems; highly proficient using and managing SalesforceBachelor's degree in business, finance, sales/marketing, or related discipline Foursquare is proud to foster an inclusive environment that is free from discrimination. We strongly believe in order to build the best products, we need a diversity of perspectives and backgrounds. This leads to a more delightful experience for our users and team members. We value listening to every voice and we encourage everyone to come be a part of building a company and products we love.  Foursquare is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law."
"3100615845"	"Business Intelligence Developer"	"Hospital for Special Surgery"	2019-01-30	79	115	93	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=52448&s=58&guid=000001689ff4efc483d1131b944fbf8b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_3245b070&cb=1548871856526&jobListingId=3100615845"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"Business Intelligence Developer At Hospital for Special Surgery our clinicians and scientists collaborate to deliver the most innovative care. Our specialized focus on orthopedics and rheumatology enables us to help patients get back to what they need and love to do reliably and efficiently. Our patients are overwhelmingly satisfied with the care they receive at our facilities. When you join us, you will become part of this legacy of commitment to the most cutting-edge research and coordinated care.  Our ideal candidate must be happy to develop in SQL but more curious about the data itself and what questions its answering. We are looking for enthusiastic Report Writers who have a strong understanding of data pipelines, ready to work hard, and love what they do. They will work collaboratively across the organization with clinical and operational leaders to pull meaningful data from our Electronic Medical Record. As a Report Writer You WillWrite SQL queries to generate reports from our Electronic Medical RecordDevelop report specifications based on user requirements.Work with engineering teams to enhance data delivery & our self-service data toolsWork with a team of analysts and engineers who love to solve data problemsYour Technical Skills and Experience Qualifications 2+ years working with SQL ServerCertification in one or more of the Epic Clarity/Caboodle data models2+ years of ETL (SSIS) experienceExperience with SAP tools, WebI and Universe Designer2+ years of Report/Dashboard Visualization experience (e.g. Tableau)Experience in healthcare a plusAbout YouYou are passionate about data and exploring new technologiesYou are a critical thinker who loves solving difficult problemsYou are flexible and a natural team playerEducation and CertificationsMS/BS in Computer Science or related field#LI-JL1"
"3100050473"	"Product Specialist"	"Informatica"	2019-01-29	98	146	122	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=163603&s=58&guid=000001689ff4efc483d1131b944fbf8b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_1dc01544&cb=1548871856521&jobListingId=3100050473"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"Job Summary Provides pre-sales technical support for the development and implementation of complex products/applications/solutions, focused on a specific product line/offering. Uses in-depth specific product line knowledge to provide technical expertise to sales staff, other presales resources, and the customer. Assists the sales staff in assessing potential application of company products to meet customer needs and may prepare detailed product specifications for the development and implementation of customer products/applications/solutions. May create detailed design and implementation specifications for complex products/applications/solutions. May build a mini-application based on customer requirements to demonstrate feasibility of the application, often requiring rapid prototyping and/or product demo for client. May provide consultation to prospective users and/or product capability assessment and validation. Essential Duties & Responsibilities Contributes to the knowledge base of subject matter material for your area of expertise and provides feedback for enhancements and future market opportunities to fill product issues and gaps or extend competitive advantage. Actively participates in alpha & beta testing cycles and maintains level of expertise in technical focus area, solution or domain.Works to ensure technical wins during sales cycles by performing technical qualification of opportunities where regional teams lack resource on the subject matter, architect solutions from customer requirements, performing solution demonstrations & other proof points, and proving Informaticas technical capabilities in order to reinforce the value proposition driven by the account team.Timely documentation within CRM / Marketing software, as applicable, of customer contact and activity data is required of this role (e.g. names, titles, contact information, opportunity value, product information, sales stages, probability, business pain, firm-future commitments, etc.)Actively participates in obtaining \"technical closure\" when the product specialist team is responsible for leading an opportunity.Providing the interface between the field presales and other technology functions within Informatica for product direction and feedback.Advises on competitive stance and creates counter strategies to competitive threats in accounts (identify, evaluate their influence and positioning eg. SWOT analysis strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats).Creates competitive analysis, keeps up-to-date with industry thinking and product space, promotes integrated solutions, and assists in development of cross-products solutions and promotes cross-product initiatives.Contributes and maintains the knowledge-base of commonly used demos, presentations, best practices and FAQ's and provides subject matter material to support the broader presales team.Provides enablement and mentorship to the broader presales community on new and advanced capabilities of Informaticas solutions and sufficient knowledge of the technical domain.Knowledge & Skills Holds expert-level experience and uses professional concepts and company objectives to resolve complex issues in creative and effectvie ways. Deep industry knowledge and understanding of a customers decision-making process, goals, strategies, and business objectives.Expert-level presentation, customer service, financial/business acumen, and negotiation skills at all levels of customer engagement.Complete, big-picture understanding of the business and technical contexts of key accounts.Driven, self-starter who exudes leadership on account set and compels others to get on board.Fully adept at consultative effectiveness and establishing trust with internal and external customers.Advanced technical knowledge of hybrid deployment of software solutions, Data Warehousing, Database, and/or Business Intelligence software concepts and products.Education/Experience BA/BS or equivalent educational background is preferred. Minimum 8+ years of relevant professional experience. #LI-YK1"
"3015811237"	"Technical Training Specialist MDM"	"Informatica"	2019-01-29	74	109	90	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=125&ao=163603&s=58&guid=000001689ff4efc483d1131b944fbf8b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_6e4dec6e&cb=1548871856526&jobListingId=3015811237"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"Job Summary Unique hybrid role that combines customer-facing pre-sales technical support with technical evangelist and training responsibilities, both to the product specialist team you are part of and to the supporting groups that rely on specialist expertise.  Uses in-depth specific product line knowledge to provide technical expertise to support sales staff, other presales resources, and the customer. Uses this same in-depth specific product knowledge to educate and train other product specialists and presales resources. Assists as lead technical trainer at specific training events throughout the year and is the primary conduit between the Presales Enablement team and the Product Specialist team they support. Assists the sales staff in assessing potential application of company products to meet customer needs and may prepare detailed product specifications for the development and implementation of customer products/applications/solutions. May create detailed design and implementation specifications for complex products/applications/solutions, in support of specific customer requirements and/or in support of technical training activities. May build a mini-application based on customer requirements to demonstrate feasibility of the application, often requiring rapid prototyping and/or product demo for client. May provide consultation to prospective users and/or product capability assessment and validation. Essential Duties & Responsibilities Contributes to the knowledge base of subject matter material for your area of expertise and provides feedback for enhancements and future market opportunities to fill product issues and gaps or extend competitive advantage. Actively participates in alpha & beta testing cycles and maintains level of expertise in technical focus area, solution or domain. Works to ensure technical wins during sales cycles by performing technical qualification of opportunities where regional teams lack resource on the subject matter, architect solutions from customer requirements, performing solution demonstrations & other proof points, and proving Informaticas technical capabilities in order to reinforce the value proposition driven by the account team. Timely documentation within CRM / Marketing software, as applicable, of customer contact and activity data is required of this role (e.g. names, titles, contact information, opportunity value, product information, sales stages, probability, business pain, firm-future commitments, etc.) Actively participates in obtaining \"technical closure\" when the product specialist team is responsible for leading an opportunity. Providing the interface between the field presales and other technology functions within Informatica for product direction and feedback. Advises on competitive stance and creates counter strategies to competitive threats in accounts (identify, evaluate their influence and positioning eg. SWOT analysis strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats). Creates competitive analysis, keeps up-to-date with industry thinking and product space, promotes integrated solutions, and assists in development of cross-products solutions and promotes cross-product initiatives; also helping to collect and disseminate this information across the product specialist and other presales resources. Contributes and maintains the knowledge-base of commonly used demos, presentations, best practices and FAQ's and provides subject matter material to support the broader presales team in their capacity as Technical Training Specialist for the group. Provides enablement and mentorship to the broader presales community in the form of periodic training webinars, onsite enablement activities and reusable digital assets.Knowledge & Skills Holds expert-level experience and uses professional concepts and company objectives to resolve complex issues in creative and effective ways. Deep industry knowledge and understanding of a customers decision-making process, goals, strategies, and business objectives. Expert-level presentation, customer service, financial/business acumen, and negotiation skills at all levels of customer engagement. Complete, big-picture understanding of the business and technical contexts of key accounts. Driven, self-starter who enjoys teaching and mentoring, exudes leadership on account set and compels others to get on board. Fully adept at consultative effectiveness and establishing trust with internal and external customers. Advanced technical knowledge of hybrid deployment of software solutions, Data Warehousing, Database, Big Data, and/or Business Intelligence software concepts and products.Education & Experience BA/BS or equivalent educational background is preferred. Minimum 8+ years of relevant professional experience."
"3099297300"	"Business Analyst - Finance and Operations"	"Mast-Jägermeister US"	2019-01-29	85	130	104	5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=117&ao=333199&s=58&guid=000001689ff4e939b3452cf4db330a5a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_891d9d59&cb=1548871854963&jobListingId=3099297300"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	" The Business Analyst, Finance and Operations, is responsible for the management of all pricing initiatives, maintenance of budget/bank tracking and will be a forecasting expert. Perform profitability analyses and evaluating return on investment for various spends and new initiatives, and provide recommendations on pricing and packaging strategies and optimize tactics. Owner of shipment and depletion forecasting and the associated tools, manage days on hand and inventory analysis, and will develop new product launch estimates and recommendation of pricing. Principal Duties and Responsibilities:Create, manage and maintain a complete suite of operations and business scorecards that provide visibility into shipment, depletions, inventory and financial metrics, while ensuring meeting key business stakeholders needs using tools like SAP, Vistaar, iDig and Excel based tools.Perform complex analysis manipulating large data sets to identify actionable business insights.Report on pricing and promotions performance across brands, products, regions and accounts to gain insights into pricing and promotional effectiveness.Review pricing levels on products and make recommendations on adjustments in order to maximize sales.Develop tracking against days-on-hand inventory for our Distributors and make recommendations of future orders based on insights from field sales and national account teams on pricing and program initiatives in addition to performance trends in order to avoid out of stocks.Produce budget/bank trackers for spend from our Distributors, providing analysis by initiatives and transaction typeCollect monthly forecasts from Sales Organization in new National template and capture commentary regarding depletions performance in management reporting.Provides qualitative and quantitative analytical insight based on forecasts.Expert on pricing and forecasting related tools and responsible for supporting, training and embedding among the field sales.Requirements1-2 years of experience in business analysis, preferably in the spirits, beverage or consumer products industryWell-developed financial analytical and database management skills to develop and implement sales analytical databases, reports and analyticsExceptional communication and interpersonal skills in order to effectively interact with various functions across the organizationMust possess professional maturity and be comfortable with interacting with higher levels of management to communicate facts in a simple and understandable manner including presenting their opinions and ideasBackground working with industry data sources and tools (e.g., NABCA, Nielsen, DISCUS)Ability to manage multiple projects and work in a fast paced environmentAbility to work independently as well as part of a teamMust have excellent skills in MS Office Suite (Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint)College Degree required, major in Finance, Accounting, Economics, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics or other quantitative methods preferredSome travel requiredBenefitsHighly competitive compensation packagesComprehensive medical, dental, and vision insuranceMatching 401(k) planYearly wellness stipend (gym membership or fitness classes)Generous holiday and vacation policy"
"3071757377"	"Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Match"	2019-01-26	78	108	93	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=134428&s=58&guid=000001689ff4e939b3452cf4db330a5a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_124433da&cb=1548871854963&jobListingId=3071757377"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"OkCupid is looking to hire a technical Business Intelligence Analyst!OkCupid is looking for a BI Analyst to contribute to our data-driven organization. We enjoy working on a product that helps millions of people find love and get a great sense of satisfaction in seeing our hard work make a difference. If that's the kind of thing that appeals to you, you're probably a good fit for OkCupid!In this role, you will:Analyze company performance across Product, Marketing, Finance, and moreDesign and create intuitive yet scalable reports, dashboards and visualizations that business owners can rely on to drive business processesPrepare trend analysis and investigative reporting for product teams and senior managementEnable our analytics by developing data models and empowering our BI tools.Work with product owners to test new features in the product and analyze the performance of your experimentsHelp us better understand the business of love!We're looking for:3+ years' experience using SQL with any databaseExperience with at least one BI Tool (Looker, Tableau, Power BI, etc)Experience with at least one statistical programming language: Python, R, SAS, Julia (Python Preferred)Strong analytical skills and the ability to turn unstructured problems into easily digestible analysis and conclusionsBachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or Engineering related field a plusExtra points for experience with data warehousing and big data toolsWhat are some perks?Competitive salary and full benefits, including Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401kWorkstation and tools of your choicePaid attendance to conferencesRegularly catered lunch and a bomb shelter stockpile of snacks and drinksCompany funded happy hours/eventsA sunny office full of incredibly curious and friendly peopleOkCupid is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are deeply committed to fostering an inclusive environment for all employees."
"3071757377"	"Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Match"	2019-01-26	78	108	93	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=134428&s=58&guid=000001689ff4efc483d1131b944fbf8b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_161e5322&cb=1548871856522&jobListingId=3071757377"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"OkCupid is looking to hire a technical Business Intelligence Analyst!OkCupid is looking for a BI Analyst to contribute to our data-driven organization. We enjoy working on a product that helps millions of people find love and get a great sense of satisfaction in seeing our hard work make a difference. If that's the kind of thing that appeals to you, you're probably a good fit for OkCupid!In this role, you will:Analyze company performance across Product, Marketing, Finance, and moreDesign and create intuitive yet scalable reports, dashboards and visualizations that business owners can rely on to drive business processesPrepare trend analysis and investigative reporting for product teams and senior managementEnable our analytics by developing data models and empowering our BI tools.Work with product owners to test new features in the product and analyze the performance of your experimentsHelp us better understand the business of love!We're looking for:3+ years' experience using SQL with any databaseExperience with at least one BI Tool (Looker, Tableau, Power BI, etc)Experience with at least one statistical programming language: Python, R, SAS, Julia (Python Preferred)Strong analytical skills and the ability to turn unstructured problems into easily digestible analysis and conclusionsBachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or Engineering related field a plusExtra points for experience with data warehousing and big data toolsWhat are some perks?Competitive salary and full benefits, including Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401kWorkstation and tools of your choicePaid attendance to conferencesRegularly catered lunch and a bomb shelter stockpile of snacks and drinksCompany funded happy hours/eventsA sunny office full of incredibly curious and friendly peopleOkCupid is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are deeply committed to fostering an inclusive environment for all employees."
"3071757377"	"Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Match"	2019-01-26	78	108	93	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=134428&s=58&guid=000001689ff4e939b3452cf4db330a5a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_124433da&cb=1548871854963&jobListingId=3071757377"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"OkCupid is looking to hire a technical Business Intelligence Analyst!OkCupid is looking for a BI Analyst to contribute to our data-driven organization. We enjoy working on a product that helps millions of people find love and get a great sense of satisfaction in seeing our hard work make a difference. If that's the kind of thing that appeals to you, you're probably a good fit for OkCupid!In this role, you will:Analyze company performance across Product, Marketing, Finance, and moreDesign and create intuitive yet scalable reports, dashboards and visualizations that business owners can rely on to drive business processesPrepare trend analysis and investigative reporting for product teams and senior managementEnable our analytics by developing data models and empowering our BI tools.Work with product owners to test new features in the product and analyze the performance of your experimentsHelp us better understand the business of love!We're looking for:3+ years' experience using SQL with any databaseExperience with at least one BI Tool (Looker, Tableau, Power BI, etc)Experience with at least one statistical programming language: Python, R, SAS, Julia (Python Preferred)Strong analytical skills and the ability to turn unstructured problems into easily digestible analysis and conclusionsBachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or Engineering related field a plusExtra points for experience with data warehousing and big data toolsWhat are some perks?Competitive salary and full benefits, including Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401kWorkstation and tools of your choicePaid attendance to conferencesRegularly catered lunch and a bomb shelter stockpile of snacks and drinksCompany funded happy hours/eventsA sunny office full of incredibly curious and friendly peopleOkCupid is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are deeply committed to fostering an inclusive environment for all employees."
"3071757377"	"Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Match"	2019-01-26	78	108	93	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=134428&s=58&guid=000001689ff4efc483d1131b944fbf8b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_161e5322&cb=1548871856522&jobListingId=3071757377"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"OkCupid is looking to hire a technical Business Intelligence Analyst!OkCupid is looking for a BI Analyst to contribute to our data-driven organization. We enjoy working on a product that helps millions of people find love and get a great sense of satisfaction in seeing our hard work make a difference. If that's the kind of thing that appeals to you, you're probably a good fit for OkCupid!In this role, you will:Analyze company performance across Product, Marketing, Finance, and moreDesign and create intuitive yet scalable reports, dashboards and visualizations that business owners can rely on to drive business processesPrepare trend analysis and investigative reporting for product teams and senior managementEnable our analytics by developing data models and empowering our BI tools.Work with product owners to test new features in the product and analyze the performance of your experimentsHelp us better understand the business of love!We're looking for:3+ years' experience using SQL with any databaseExperience with at least one BI Tool (Looker, Tableau, Power BI, etc)Experience with at least one statistical programming language: Python, R, SAS, Julia (Python Preferred)Strong analytical skills and the ability to turn unstructured problems into easily digestible analysis and conclusionsBachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or Engineering related field a plusExtra points for experience with data warehousing and big data toolsWhat are some perks?Competitive salary and full benefits, including Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401kWorkstation and tools of your choicePaid attendance to conferencesRegularly catered lunch and a bomb shelter stockpile of snacks and drinksCompany funded happy hours/eventsA sunny office full of incredibly curious and friendly peopleOkCupid is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are deeply committed to fostering an inclusive environment for all employees."
"3097299787"	"Index Product Development Specialist"	"Nasdaq"	2019-01-26	96	129	111	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=109&ao=70613&s=58&guid=000001689ff4efc483d1131b944fbf8b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_fbbbad1a&cb=1548871856526&jobListingId=3097299787"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	" Nasdaq Global Information Services leverages reliable, scalable technology and robust distribution channels to provide comprehensive benchmarks and market data solutions across asset classes and regions. We equip financial institutions and investors with essential market transparency to make informed decisions. Our Global Data Products provide innovative real-time and historical market data as well as analytic data solutions designed to meet new industry challenges. Nasdaq Global Indexes support financial product sponsors across a wide-spectrum of investable products and asset managers to measure risk and performance. Our diverse families include the Nasdaq-100, Dividend Achievers, Global Equity, Dorsey Wright, Fixed Income, AlphaDEX, Nordic and Commodity Indexes, all based upon rules-based, transparent methodologies. This role would be based out of our New York City office. Support the Global Index Group’s product management and research function through the creation of unique content related to the Nasdaq Index business.Support Index Product Development with knowledge of index methodologies and the ability to create and model index back-tests for review of potential products.Possess a deep understanding of exchange-traded funds, financial products, and other investment products in both the passive and active space.Support ad-hoc executive requests on business unit financials, metrics, competitor data, and other business intelligence as needed.Develop indexes to be used for both benchmarking and third party product creation based upon multiple asset classes from both client driven requests and original concepts.Prepare and present standard and customized research reports including index back-tests, comparative index and product performance analyses, fact sheets, and other presentations.Analyze and interpret a wide range of financial and statistical data from a variety of vendor and internal databases for projects and presentations to issuers, institutional and retail investors.Work with Global Sales on client initiation, development, and ongoing support of benchmarking and product licensing businesses through generation of original product and support of existing indexes.Contribute to overall Global Index Group development effort with analysis of industry trends and an understanding of complex financial markets to generate leading edge research in support of both new and existing indexes.Support operational areas within the Global Index Group including creation of index methodologies, index administration, technical specification documents, marketing material, and data management.Have an understanding of the financial markets including trading, benchmarking, indexes, derivatives, data vendors, and content providers.Interpret statistical data from a variety of databases.Conduct advanced analytical modeling that requires complex data extractions using various database and spreadsheet programs.Execute analytical studies for senior management on business trends, competitors, internal results, and economic trends.Bachelor's degree, preferably with a focus in finance, economics or quantitative disciplines.Minimum 3-5 years of research and/or analytical experience, preferably within the financial services/ brokerage industry or in support of a sales organization.Strong writing and analytical skills with sharp attention to detail.Advanced technical proficiency with knowledge of SQL, R, Amazon Athena, AWS, Microsoft Office and VBA.Advanced technical proficiency with Bloomberg, FactSet, Reuters, and other financial data provider terminals.Nasdaq is an equal opportunity employer. We positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of age, color, disability, national origin, ancestry, race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, veteran status, genetic information or any other status protected by applicable law."
"2849563526"	"Data Engineer"	"New York Times"	2019-01-30	131	148	136	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=242900&s=58&guid=000001689ff4e939b3452cf4db330a5a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_dc094127&cb=1548871854963&jobListingId=2849563526"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"Job DescriptionThe New York Times is seeking inventive and motivated data engineers at all levels of experience to join the Data Engineering group. In this role, you will build critical data infrastructure that surfaces data and insights across the company. About Us Our Data Engineering teams are at the intersection of business analytics, data warehousing, and software engineering. As Maxime Beauchemin wrote in “The Rise of Data Engineering”, ETL and data modeling have evolved, and the changes are about distributed systems, stream processing, and computation at scale. They’re about working with data using the same practices that guide software engineering at large.  A strong data foundation is essential for The New York Times and we’re responsible for it. We use our data infrastructure to power analytics and data products and to deliver relevant experiences to our customers in real-time. We enable our company to validate strategic decisions, make smarter choices, and react to the fast changing world.  We are part of a New York based technology organization with a remote-friendly workplace that includes engineers around the world. We value transparency and openness, learning, community, and continuous improvement. Check out the Times Open blog, which is written by engineers and other technical team members, and follow @nytdevs on Twitter to see what we’re up to. About the Job We focus on the software engineering related to data replication, storage, centralized computation, and data API’s. We provide customers and partners with data tools, shared frameworks, and data services. These are the foundational core of our group which enables ourselves and others to work with data from a common underpinning. Our tools and services enable our group to scale and avoid blocking others.  We reduce data redundancy by creating systems and datasets that serve as sources of record. We enable discovery and governance of our data. We support key business goals like growing our digital subscriber base, understanding how our customers use our products, and retaining our print subscribers. As a data engineer, you will:Run and support a production enterprise data platformDesign and develop data modelsWork with languages like Java, Python, Go, Bash, and SQLBuild batch and streaming data pipelines with tools such as Spark, Airflow, and cloud-based data services like Google’s BigQuery, Dataproc, and Pub/SubDevelop processes for automating, testing, and deploying your workAbout You To thrive in this role, you are excited about data and motivated to learn new technologies. You are comfortable collaborating with engineers from other teams, product owners, business teams, and data analysts and data scientists. You are own and shape your technical domain area and move the related business goals forward. You are eager to resolve upstream data issues at the source instead of applying workarounds. You analyze and test changes to our data architectures and processes, and determine what the possible downstream effects and potential impacts to data consumers will be. Benefits and Perks:Make an impact by supporting our original, independent and deeply reported journalism.We provide competitive health, dental, vision and life insurance for employees and their familiesWe support responsible retirement planning with a generous 401(k) company match.We offer a competitive parental-leave policy.We are committed to career development, supported by a formal mentoring program and $8,000 annual tuition reimbursement.We have frequent panel discussions and talks by a wide variety of news makers and industry leaders.Join a community committed to the richness of diversity, experiences and talents in the world we cover, supported by a variety of employee resource groups. #LI-HK1 The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply.The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics."
"2849563526"	"Data Engineer"	"New York Times"	2019-01-30	131	148	136	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=115&ao=242900&s=58&guid=000001689ff4efc483d1131b944fbf8b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_655b2605&cb=1548871856526&jobListingId=2849563526"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"Job DescriptionThe New York Times is seeking inventive and motivated data engineers at all levels of experience to join the Data Engineering group. In this role, you will build critical data infrastructure that surfaces data and insights across the company. About Us Our Data Engineering teams are at the intersection of business analytics, data warehousing, and software engineering. As Maxime Beauchemin wrote in “The Rise of Data Engineering”, ETL and data modeling have evolved, and the changes are about distributed systems, stream processing, and computation at scale. They’re about working with data using the same practices that guide software engineering at large.  A strong data foundation is essential for The New York Times and we’re responsible for it. We use our data infrastructure to power analytics and data products and to deliver relevant experiences to our customers in real-time. We enable our company to validate strategic decisions, make smarter choices, and react to the fast changing world.  We are part of a New York based technology organization with a remote-friendly workplace that includes engineers around the world. We value transparency and openness, learning, community, and continuous improvement. Check out the Times Open blog, which is written by engineers and other technical team members, and follow @nytdevs on Twitter to see what we’re up to. About the Job We focus on the software engineering related to data replication, storage, centralized computation, and data API’s. We provide customers and partners with data tools, shared frameworks, and data services. These are the foundational core of our group which enables ourselves and others to work with data from a common underpinning. Our tools and services enable our group to scale and avoid blocking others.  We reduce data redundancy by creating systems and datasets that serve as sources of record. We enable discovery and governance of our data. We support key business goals like growing our digital subscriber base, understanding how our customers use our products, and retaining our print subscribers. As a data engineer, you will:Run and support a production enterprise data platformDesign and develop data modelsWork with languages like Java, Python, Go, Bash, and SQLBuild batch and streaming data pipelines with tools such as Spark, Airflow, and cloud-based data services like Google’s BigQuery, Dataproc, and Pub/SubDevelop processes for automating, testing, and deploying your workAbout You To thrive in this role, you are excited about data and motivated to learn new technologies. You are comfortable collaborating with engineers from other teams, product owners, business teams, and data analysts and data scientists. You are own and shape your technical domain area and move the related business goals forward. You are eager to resolve upstream data issues at the source instead of applying workarounds. You analyze and test changes to our data architectures and processes, and determine what the possible downstream effects and potential impacts to data consumers will be. Benefits and Perks:Make an impact by supporting our original, independent and deeply reported journalism.We provide competitive health, dental, vision and life insurance for employees and their familiesWe support responsible retirement planning with a generous 401(k) company match.We offer a competitive parental-leave policy.We are committed to career development, supported by a formal mentoring program and $8,000 annual tuition reimbursement.We have frequent panel discussions and talks by a wide variety of news makers and industry leaders.Join a community committed to the richness of diversity, experiences and talents in the world we cover, supported by a variety of employee resource groups. #LI-HK1 The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply.The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics."
"2849563526"	"Data Engineer"	"New York Times"	2019-01-30	131	148	136	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=242900&s=58&guid=000001689ff4e939b3452cf4db330a5a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_dc094127&cb=1548871854963&jobListingId=2849563526"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"Job DescriptionThe New York Times is seeking inventive and motivated data engineers at all levels of experience to join the Data Engineering group. In this role, you will build critical data infrastructure that surfaces data and insights across the company. About Us Our Data Engineering teams are at the intersection of business analytics, data warehousing, and software engineering. As Maxime Beauchemin wrote in “The Rise of Data Engineering”, ETL and data modeling have evolved, and the changes are about distributed systems, stream processing, and computation at scale. They’re about working with data using the same practices that guide software engineering at large.  A strong data foundation is essential for The New York Times and we’re responsible for it. We use our data infrastructure to power analytics and data products and to deliver relevant experiences to our customers in real-time. We enable our company to validate strategic decisions, make smarter choices, and react to the fast changing world.  We are part of a New York based technology organization with a remote-friendly workplace that includes engineers around the world. We value transparency and openness, learning, community, and continuous improvement. Check out the Times Open blog, which is written by engineers and other technical team members, and follow @nytdevs on Twitter to see what we’re up to. About the Job We focus on the software engineering related to data replication, storage, centralized computation, and data API’s. We provide customers and partners with data tools, shared frameworks, and data services. These are the foundational core of our group which enables ourselves and others to work with data from a common underpinning. Our tools and services enable our group to scale and avoid blocking others.  We reduce data redundancy by creating systems and datasets that serve as sources of record. We enable discovery and governance of our data. We support key business goals like growing our digital subscriber base, understanding how our customers use our products, and retaining our print subscribers. As a data engineer, you will:Run and support a production enterprise data platformDesign and develop data modelsWork with languages like Java, Python, Go, Bash, and SQLBuild batch and streaming data pipelines with tools such as Spark, Airflow, and cloud-based data services like Google’s BigQuery, Dataproc, and Pub/SubDevelop processes for automating, testing, and deploying your workAbout You To thrive in this role, you are excited about data and motivated to learn new technologies. You are comfortable collaborating with engineers from other teams, product owners, business teams, and data analysts and data scientists. You are own and shape your technical domain area and move the related business goals forward. You are eager to resolve upstream data issues at the source instead of applying workarounds. You analyze and test changes to our data architectures and processes, and determine what the possible downstream effects and potential impacts to data consumers will be. Benefits and Perks:Make an impact by supporting our original, independent and deeply reported journalism.We provide competitive health, dental, vision and life insurance for employees and their familiesWe support responsible retirement planning with a generous 401(k) company match.We offer a competitive parental-leave policy.We are committed to career development, supported by a formal mentoring program and $8,000 annual tuition reimbursement.We have frequent panel discussions and talks by a wide variety of news makers and industry leaders.Join a community committed to the richness of diversity, experiences and talents in the world we cover, supported by a variety of employee resource groups. #LI-HK1 The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply.The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics."
"2849563526"	"Data Engineer"	"New York Times"	2019-01-30	131	148	136	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=115&ao=242900&s=58&guid=000001689ff4efc483d1131b944fbf8b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_655b2605&cb=1548871856526&jobListingId=2849563526"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"Job DescriptionThe New York Times is seeking inventive and motivated data engineers at all levels of experience to join the Data Engineering group. In this role, you will build critical data infrastructure that surfaces data and insights across the company. About Us Our Data Engineering teams are at the intersection of business analytics, data warehousing, and software engineering. As Maxime Beauchemin wrote in “The Rise of Data Engineering”, ETL and data modeling have evolved, and the changes are about distributed systems, stream processing, and computation at scale. They’re about working with data using the same practices that guide software engineering at large.  A strong data foundation is essential for The New York Times and we’re responsible for it. We use our data infrastructure to power analytics and data products and to deliver relevant experiences to our customers in real-time. We enable our company to validate strategic decisions, make smarter choices, and react to the fast changing world.  We are part of a New York based technology organization with a remote-friendly workplace that includes engineers around the world. We value transparency and openness, learning, community, and continuous improvement. Check out the Times Open blog, which is written by engineers and other technical team members, and follow @nytdevs on Twitter to see what we’re up to. About the Job We focus on the software engineering related to data replication, storage, centralized computation, and data API’s. We provide customers and partners with data tools, shared frameworks, and data services. These are the foundational core of our group which enables ourselves and others to work with data from a common underpinning. Our tools and services enable our group to scale and avoid blocking others.  We reduce data redundancy by creating systems and datasets that serve as sources of record. We enable discovery and governance of our data. We support key business goals like growing our digital subscriber base, understanding how our customers use our products, and retaining our print subscribers. As a data engineer, you will:Run and support a production enterprise data platformDesign and develop data modelsWork with languages like Java, Python, Go, Bash, and SQLBuild batch and streaming data pipelines with tools such as Spark, Airflow, and cloud-based data services like Google’s BigQuery, Dataproc, and Pub/SubDevelop processes for automating, testing, and deploying your workAbout You To thrive in this role, you are excited about data and motivated to learn new technologies. You are comfortable collaborating with engineers from other teams, product owners, business teams, and data analysts and data scientists. You are own and shape your technical domain area and move the related business goals forward. You are eager to resolve upstream data issues at the source instead of applying workarounds. You analyze and test changes to our data architectures and processes, and determine what the possible downstream effects and potential impacts to data consumers will be. Benefits and Perks:Make an impact by supporting our original, independent and deeply reported journalism.We provide competitive health, dental, vision and life insurance for employees and their familiesWe support responsible retirement planning with a generous 401(k) company match.We offer a competitive parental-leave policy.We are committed to career development, supported by a formal mentoring program and $8,000 annual tuition reimbursement.We have frequent panel discussions and talks by a wide variety of news makers and industry leaders.Join a community committed to the richness of diversity, experiences and talents in the world we cover, supported by a variety of employee resource groups. #LI-HK1 The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply.The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics."
"2976541244"	"Business Intelligence Data Architect"	"NFP"	2019-01-25	88	127	107	3.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=120&ao=301893&s=58&guid=000001689ff4efc483d1131b944fbf8b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_04079e3a&cb=1548871856526&jobListingId=2976541244"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"Summary: The Business Intelligence Architect leads data implementation efforts engaging with impacted teams on the design and development of data warehouse (DW) models, ETL transformations, and Business Intelligence reporting. The BI architect drives the implementation of new BI and data warehouse architectural changes while supporting improvements for the corporate financial systems. He/she is responsible for the data architecture of enterprise wide BI reporting and analytics. Essential Duties and Responsibilities:Develop and validate business stakeholders' conceptual data models and implement logical and physical DW/data mart data models; identifying data sources and metadata (including business rules, definitions, attributes, etc.) to deliver analytic requirements.Engages with business users to gather requirements and create technical solutions from concept to implementation. Gather reporting and analysis requirements and translate into reporting structured data models, including aggregate tables, pivoted tables, and relational and dimensional (star-schema) data marts.Evaluate enterprise reporting asks and outline options for DW architecture feasibility, risk and technologies related to business requirement (i.e. assessing, identifying and recommending BI and related business stakeholders' data requirements; BI solution prototyping and development; processes and performance from business and technical standpoints; and the impact of data changes on business and/or IT processes)Prioritizes, prepares and implements BI and/or DW architectural improvements (i.e. developing and recommending alternative DW technical and data management solutions, methodologies, strategies and architectural improvement plans)Provide BI technical and architectural leadership to projects and teams, ensuring that new initiatives enable effective data reporting.Work directly with project teams and solution owners to ensure that new and existing solutions adhere to the architecture standards and have controls in place to maintain a high level of data quality.Lead and collaborate in the creation, maintenance and dissemination of development work, mentoring staff in the skills and techniques requiredEstablish data related artifacts, including integrity constraints, triggers, views, and stored proceduresRun code review meetings and mentor other team membersManage aspects of infrastructure requirements, security, planning, and implementationLead ETL Data Developers to ensure the various architectures align with the BI/DW strategy and conform to the solution requirements in the architecture and development of SSIS processes.Design, develop and Test ETL processes per business requirements. Configure setup of ETL processes to be deployed by Dev Ops team via automated deploymentsLoad/extract data from different data sources (Oracle, SQL Server, Salesforce, Applied EPIC, Excel, csv, etc) into Financial Data WarehouseDevelop/Maintain processes that conduct service calls through APIs that interface with applications on cloud (Salesforce.com and Applied Epic)Monitor ETL job status and work on troubleshooting data integration errors and identifying the data issues between data sources/targetsWork with QA team to support QA testingAbility to work independently and collaboratively in the development, testing and implementation lifecyclesKnowledge, Skills and/or Abilities:Excellent understanding of data modeling, SQL, and ETLExpert-level SQL coding/querying skills in MS SQL ServerAt least 5 years of experience using SSIS, SSAS, SSRSExperience in creating Visualization Reports in Power BI, Tableau, or similar productAbility to facilitate meetings and delegate responsibilities.Excellent analytical, problem solving and communication skillsExperience in Financial SystemsTeam leadershipEducation and/or Experience:Bachelor's degree in IT or related majorCertificates, Licenses, Registration:None Required Physical Demand: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; use hands to handle or feel and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand and walk. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision and distance vision."
"3071757287"	"Business Intelligence Analyst"	"OKCupid"	2019-01-26	96	130	112	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=106&ao=439196&s=58&guid=000001689ff4e939b3452cf4db330a5a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_c4d2a09f&cb=1548871854963&jobListingId=3071757287"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"OkCupid is looking to hire a technical Business Intelligence Analyst!OkCupid is looking for a BI Analyst to contribute to our data-driven organization. We enjoy working on a product that helps millions of people find love and get a great sense of satisfaction in seeing our hard work make a difference. If that's the kind of thing that appeals to you, you're probably a good fit for OkCupid!In this role, you will:Analyze company performance across Product, Marketing, Finance, and moreDesign and create intuitive yet scalable reports, dashboards and visualizations that business owners can rely on to drive business processesPrepare trend analysis and investigative reporting for product teams and senior managementEnable our analytics by developing data models and empowering our BI tools.Work with product owners to test new features in the product and analyze the performance of your experimentsHelp us better understand the business of love!We're looking for:3+ years' experience using SQL with any databaseExperience with at least one BI Tool (Looker, Tableau, Power BI, etc)Experience with at least one statistical programming language: Python, R, SAS, Julia (Python Preferred)Strong analytical skills and the ability to turn unstructured problems into easily digestible analysis and conclusionsBachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or Engineering related field a plusExtra points for experience with data warehousing and big data toolsWhat are some perks?Competitive salary and full benefits, including Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401kWorkstation and tools of your choicePaid attendance to conferencesRegularly catered lunch and a bomb shelter stockpile of snacks and drinksCompany funded happy hours/eventsA sunny office full of incredibly curious and friendly peopleOkCupid is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are deeply committed to fostering an inclusive environment for all employees."
"3071757287"	"Business Intelligence Analyst"	"OKCupid"	2019-01-26	96	130	112	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=439196&s=149&guid=000001689ff4efc4a1ac7d5215f59ce0&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_e68d575f&cb=1548871856487&jobListingId=3071757287"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"OkCupid is looking to hire a technical Business Intelligence Analyst!OkCupid is looking for a BI Analyst to contribute to our data-driven organization. We enjoy working on a product that helps millions of people find love and get a great sense of satisfaction in seeing our hard work make a difference. If that's the kind of thing that appeals to you, you're probably a good fit for OkCupid!In this role, you will:Analyze company performance across Product, Marketing, Finance, and moreDesign and create intuitive yet scalable reports, dashboards and visualizations that business owners can rely on to drive business processesPrepare trend analysis and investigative reporting for product teams and senior managementEnable our analytics by developing data models and empowering our BI tools.Work with product owners to test new features in the product and analyze the performance of your experimentsHelp us better understand the business of love!We're looking for:3+ years' experience using SQL with any databaseExperience with at least one BI Tool (Looker, Tableau, Power BI, etc)Experience with at least one statistical programming language: Python, R, SAS, Julia (Python Preferred)Strong analytical skills and the ability to turn unstructured problems into easily digestible analysis and conclusionsBachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or Engineering related field a plusExtra points for experience with data warehousing and big data toolsWhat are some perks?Competitive salary and full benefits, including Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401kWorkstation and tools of your choicePaid attendance to conferencesRegularly catered lunch and a bomb shelter stockpile of snacks and drinksCompany funded happy hours/eventsA sunny office full of incredibly curious and friendly peopleOkCupid is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are deeply committed to fostering an inclusive environment for all employees."
"3071757287"	"Business Intelligence Analyst"	"OKCupid"	2019-01-26	96	130	112	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=106&ao=439196&s=58&guid=000001689ff4e939b3452cf4db330a5a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_c4d2a09f&cb=1548871854963&jobListingId=3071757287"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"OkCupid is looking to hire a technical Business Intelligence Analyst!OkCupid is looking for a BI Analyst to contribute to our data-driven organization. We enjoy working on a product that helps millions of people find love and get a great sense of satisfaction in seeing our hard work make a difference. If that's the kind of thing that appeals to you, you're probably a good fit for OkCupid!In this role, you will:Analyze company performance across Product, Marketing, Finance, and moreDesign and create intuitive yet scalable reports, dashboards and visualizations that business owners can rely on to drive business processesPrepare trend analysis and investigative reporting for product teams and senior managementEnable our analytics by developing data models and empowering our BI tools.Work with product owners to test new features in the product and analyze the performance of your experimentsHelp us better understand the business of love!We're looking for:3+ years' experience using SQL with any databaseExperience with at least one BI Tool (Looker, Tableau, Power BI, etc)Experience with at least one statistical programming language: Python, R, SAS, Julia (Python Preferred)Strong analytical skills and the ability to turn unstructured problems into easily digestible analysis and conclusionsBachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or Engineering related field a plusExtra points for experience with data warehousing and big data toolsWhat are some perks?Competitive salary and full benefits, including Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401kWorkstation and tools of your choicePaid attendance to conferencesRegularly catered lunch and a bomb shelter stockpile of snacks and drinksCompany funded happy hours/eventsA sunny office full of incredibly curious and friendly peopleOkCupid is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are deeply committed to fostering an inclusive environment for all employees."
"3071757287"	"Business Intelligence Analyst"	"OKCupid"	2019-01-26	96	130	112	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=439196&s=149&guid=000001689ff4efc4a1ac7d5215f59ce0&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_e68d575f&cb=1548871856487&jobListingId=3071757287"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"OkCupid is looking to hire a technical Business Intelligence Analyst!OkCupid is looking for a BI Analyst to contribute to our data-driven organization. We enjoy working on a product that helps millions of people find love and get a great sense of satisfaction in seeing our hard work make a difference. If that's the kind of thing that appeals to you, you're probably a good fit for OkCupid!In this role, you will:Analyze company performance across Product, Marketing, Finance, and moreDesign and create intuitive yet scalable reports, dashboards and visualizations that business owners can rely on to drive business processesPrepare trend analysis and investigative reporting for product teams and senior managementEnable our analytics by developing data models and empowering our BI tools.Work with product owners to test new features in the product and analyze the performance of your experimentsHelp us better understand the business of love!We're looking for:3+ years' experience using SQL with any databaseExperience with at least one BI Tool (Looker, Tableau, Power BI, etc)Experience with at least one statistical programming language: Python, R, SAS, Julia (Python Preferred)Strong analytical skills and the ability to turn unstructured problems into easily digestible analysis and conclusionsBachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or Engineering related field a plusExtra points for experience with data warehousing and big data toolsWhat are some perks?Competitive salary and full benefits, including Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401kWorkstation and tools of your choicePaid attendance to conferencesRegularly catered lunch and a bomb shelter stockpile of snacks and drinksCompany funded happy hours/eventsA sunny office full of incredibly curious and friendly peopleOkCupid is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are deeply committed to fostering an inclusive environment for all employees."
"3016604223"	"Product Data Analyst"	"Percolate"	2019-01-30	65	102	83	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=401246&s=149&guid=000001689ff4e9399762c85c93c2a56b&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_c4389609&cb=1548871854927&jobListingId=3016604223"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"About Percolate Since 2011, Percolate has addressed the enormous challenges presented by enterprise marketing operations, and has been foundational in the development of a new categories of marketing technology - Content Marketing Platforms (CMP) and Marketing Resource Management (MRM).  Percolate has been recognized as the only consensus leader in these emerging categories by analyst firms like Forrester, Gartner, and SiriusDecisions - a growing space that represents more than $4 billion in potential annual revenue.  Today, Percolate serves over 600 brands. Some of the world's largest companies including MasterCard, Cisco, Cigna, Electronic Arts, and Bosch use Percolate to help them deal with one of the fundamental challenges facing all marketers - orchestrating their marketing processes and enabling the best possible customer experiences.  Percolate is looking for a Product Data Analyst to join its Product team to help champion the use of data in product decision-making and assist our Customer Success teams in understanding customer behavior and product adoption.  In this role you will report to the Chief Product Officer and work closely with our Product Management, Design, Engineering and IT teams to manage our product analytics reporting pipeline and mine product data to evaluate customer behavior, develop insights, and drive deep-dive studies to identify new opportunities. You will also provide an invaluable service to our business teams in understanding how product behavior influences renewal and expansion opportunities.  #LI-MT1"
"2738642001"	"Data Analyst"	"Point72"	2019-01-25	73	115	91	3.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=112&ao=135777&s=58&guid=000001689ff4e939b3452cf4db330a5a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_6a1addab&cb=1548871854963&jobListingId=2738642001"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	" About Cubist  Cubist Systematic Strategies is one of the world’s premier investment firms. The firm deploys systematic, computer-driven trading strategies across multiple liquid asset classes, including equities, futures and foreign exchange. The core of our effort is rigorous research into a wide range of market anomalies, fueled by our unparalleled access to a wide range of publicly available data sources. Job Description We are passionate about data. We collaborate to build elegant, effective, scalable and highly reliable solutions to empower predictive modelling in finance.  Cubist’s Data Services group is looking for a Data Analyst to join our dedicated team. Our group is responsible for the timely delivery of comprehensive and error-free data to some of the most demanding and successful systematic Portfolio Managers in the world.  This exceptional individual will be a member of a small team of Data Scientists/Analysts who play a vital role in ensuring the smooth day-to-day implementation of a large research infrastructure, and the live production trading of billions of dollars of capital across global capital markets, including equities, futures, options and other financial instruments.  Job Responsibilities Identifying potential data sourcesCoordinating with compliance team and legal team on new vendor trial/subscription processAssisting with collecting and maintaining vendor overviews and content offeringsAssisting with data questions and requests from investment teamsSetting up feed downloads and monitor check-in databaseMonitoring the automated data collection and cleansing infrastructureAssisting with scheduling meetings and conference calls between data users and expertsAssisting Data team with interoffice travel arrangements, expenses, etc.Assisting in organizing presentationsManaging data trial repository permissionsDownloading trial datasets from vendor FTP sites or other delivery mechanismAssisting Data Team with manual data processing as requiredMaintaining Cubist Data Wiki contents Desirable Candidates Bachelor degree requiredBasic understanding of SQL.Programming skills in Python and at least one of C#, C++, or Java are a plusProficient knowledge of Microsoft Outlook, Excel, and WordFinancial industry experience is preferred but not requiredStrong organization, communication and interpersonal skillsAttention to detail and a love of processStrong oral and written communication skillsAbility to exercise sound judgment in assessing and determining how to handle queries, calls and issuesAbility to multitask and prioritize assignments"
"3072797109"	"Research Data Analyst"	"Point72"	2019-01-28	73	115	91	3.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=110&ao=444562&s=58&guid=000001689ff4e939b3452cf4db330a5a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_e20d23e9&cb=1548871854963&jobListingId=3072797109"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	" Point72’s Market Intelligence Data group conducts compliant, proprietary fundamental research powered by advanced data analytics to help inform investment decisions at Point72. We value simplicity, transparency, collaboration, and quality in our process, products, and in our Long-/Short- investment team interactions.  The MI Data Customer Success works to continuously improve Market Intelligence Data products to better match data and analysis to the underlying business, interacts with fundamental Long-/Short- investment teams, ensures product quality, and manages research operations.  What you’ll do  As an operations generalist in MI Data, you will: Ensure that end-users of Point72 investment research can rely on a high-quality data product, and help them apply those products in their investment processSupport users in answering questions, addressing issuesCoordinate the process of recurring data product releases to end-users across data scientists, platform developers, and vendorsPerform ongoing quality assuranceWork with data vendors and MI Data platform developers to optimally integrate data into our processes, and to address issuesCommunicate product changes and product release status to end-usersHelp to improve alternative data-based investment research products, by working with data scientists to better make the connection between a company’s business fundamentals and our data What’s required  We want you to join us if you have exceptional attention to detail, a good understanding of business / financial knowledge. Other requirements include: Ability to manage multiple tasks and deadlines in a fast-paced environmentStrong verbal and written communication skillsBachelors degree in business, accounting, finance, engineering/computer science, or similar disciplineKnowledge of databases (e.g., SQL), or interest to get up to speed quicklyTrack record of strong academic and professional performanceHighest ethical standards, and a customer-first mindset2-3 years of Sector specific experience is ideal (Healthcare, TMT, Industrials, Consumer) An ideal candidate would have in addition (not required): Exposure to quantitative analysis / statistics through college coursework or professional experience~1 years of experience at an investment firm, financial services firm, financial data provider, or a financial technology firmExperience with quality assurance (or in a role that required strong attention to detail) at provider of financial data, especially in investment signals, would make you an ideal candidate We take care of our people  We invest in our people, their careers, their health, and their well-being. We want you to concentrate on success and leave the rest to us. When you work here, we provide: Fully-paid health care benefitsGenerous parental and family leave policiesMental and physical wellness programsTuition assistanceA 401(k) savings program with an employer match and more About Point72  Point72 is a global asset management firm led by Steven Cohen that uses Discretionary Long/Short, Macro, and Systematic strategies to invest in eight offices across the globe. We look for people who want to build a career with us – people who want to innovate, experiment, and be the best at what they do – while adhering to the highest ethical standards."
"3100852864"	"PwC Labs - Data Scientist - Experienced Associate"	"PwC"	2019-01-30	110	157	136	3.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=380244&s=58&guid=000001689ff4efc483d1131b944fbf8b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_6946eb4d&cb=1548871856522&jobListingId=3100852864"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	" A career in our Analytics Technology practice, within Data and Analytics Technology services, will provide you with the opportunity to help organisations uncover enterprise insights and drive business results using smarter data analytics. We focus on a collection of organisational technology capabilities, including business intelligence, data management, and data assurance that help our clients drive innovation, growth, and change within their organisations in order to keep up with the changing nature of customers and technology. Youll make impactful decisions by mixing mind and machine to leverage data, understand and navigate risk, and help our clients gain a competitive edge.  Our team helps clients navigate various analytics applications to get the most value out of their technology investment and foster confidence in their business intelligence. As part of our team, youll help our clients implement enterprise content and data management applications that improve operational effectiveness and provide impactful data analytics and insights. Responsibilities As an Associate, youll work as part of a team of problem solvers with extensive consulting and industry experience, helping our clients solve their complex business issues from strategy to execution. Specific responsibilities include but are not limited to: Proactively assist the team in various aspects of the projectPrepare deliverablesContribute to the development of your own and teams technical acumenKeep up to date with local and national business and economic issuesEnsure you are adhering to compliance mattersWork on developing internal relationships and your PwC brand The AI Lab focuses on implementing solutions that impact efficiency and effectiveness of our clients' functions. Process improvement, transformation, effective use of technology and data & analytics, and leveraging alternative delivery are key areas to drive value and continue to be recognized as the leading professional services firm. AI Labs is focused on identifying and prioritizing emerging technologies and preparing clients to get the most out of their emerging technology investments. Job Requirements and Preferences: Basic Qualifications:Minimum Degree Required: Bachelor Degree Required Fields of Study: Computer and Information Science, Computer and Information Science & Accounting, Economics, Economics and Finance, Economics and Finance & Technology, Engineering, Operations Management/Research, Statistics Additional Educational Requirements:  Other quantitative fields of study may be considered Minimum Years of Experience:  1 year(s) Preferred Qualifications:Preferred Knowledge/Skills:  Demonstrates thorough knowledge and/or a proven record of success in the following areas:  - New technology learning and quickly evaluating their technical and commercial viability;  - Machine learning techniques for addressing a variety of problems (e.g. consumer segmentation, revenue forecasting, image classification, etc.); and,  - Machine learning algorithms (e.g. k-nearest neighbors, random forests, ensemble methods, deep neural networks, etc.) and when it is appropriate to use each technique.  Demonstrates thorough abilities and/or a proven record of success as a team leader including the following areas:  - Building machine learning models and systems, interpreting their output, and communicating the results;  - Moving models from development to production; and,  - Conducting research in a lab and publishing work.  Demonstrates thorough abilities and/or a proven record of success with a subset of the following technologies:  - Programming including Python, R, Java, JavaScript, C++, Unix Hardware, sensors, robotics, GPU enabled machine learning, FPGAs, and Raspberry Pis, etc.;  - Data Storage Technologies including SQL, NoSQL, Hadoop, cloud-based databases such as GCP BigQuery, and different storage formats (e.g. Parquet, etc.);  - Data Processing Tools including Python (Numpy, Pandas, etc.), Spark, and cloud-based solutions such as GCP DataFlow;  - Machine Learning Libraries including Python (scikit-learn, genism, etc.), TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, and Spark MLlib;  - Visualization including Python (Matplotlib, Seaborn, bokeh, etc.), and JavaScript (d3); and,  - Productionization and containerization technologies including GitHub, Flask, Docker, and Kubernetes.All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer."
"3012741674"	"Analyst"	"Quartet"	2019-01-26	72	112	89	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=356045&s=58&guid=000001689ff4e939b3452cf4db330a5a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_df99ffe7&cb=1548871854963&jobListingId=3012741674"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"Company Description:Quartet is a pioneering technology company connecting physical and mental care to improve peoples health and quality of life. We are building a collaborative technology platform that brings together physicians, mental health providers, and insurance companies to effectively improve patient outcomes and drive down healthcare costs. Our data-driven platform identifies high-need patients and facilitates access to personalized care. Backed by $92MM in venture funding from top investors like GV (formerly Google Ventures) and Oak HC/FT, Quartet is headquartered in NYC and is currently operating in several markets across the US -- Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Louisiana, Washington, Northern California, and New Jersey.About the team: The Business Development team is responsible for new Health Plan and Health System relationships across markets. Our team is accountable to deliver revenue generating partnerships with these enterprise customers. Customers to date include some of the leading Blues plans (e.g., Highmark, Premera, Horizon) and Health Systems (e.g., Sutter) in the country. Business development for Quartet is much more than sales. We are joined at the hip with our partners across the organization to help with product development, marketing, and importantly, Customer Success. Because of the depth of our partnerships, together with Customer Success, we dont just leave after a contract is signed, but rather help to mutually define goals and objectives of our enterprise partnerships and ensure we support the GTM develop against those expectations.Role Description: The Business Development Associate will play a critical role in Quartet's business development efforts. This individual will support Business Development Managers, Directors, and VPs with the delivery of revenue objectives with prospective health plan and health system clients, as well as conduct analyses in order to effectively determine and convey Quartets value proposition. The Business Development Analyst will support large enterprise deal customer campaigns through quantitative and qualitative analysis, orchestrate internal collaboration efforts, and work directly with the Business Development leadership to drive our extensive go-to-market reach. This person must be highly versatile and possess the combination of IQ and EQ to represent Quartet internally across the organization as well as in the market. We expect and will commit to supporting this persons development over time into a great Business Development leader.AccountabilitiesIdentify compelling trends and opportunities for prospective launches or expansion opportunities to help identify and capture value for our campaigns.Example: Be able to go from 30,000 to 3 feet off the ground by analyzing market data to identify trends/opportunities within a national health plan campaign Develop and support the delivery against large deal campaigns with prospective health plan, health system, and employer clients end-to-end: initial relationship development, business case building, deal negotiation, closing, and ongoing partnership management. Example: Initial relationship development: Accountable to create a compelling market analysis presentation to scope GTM and prioritization of potential market launches with a national health planExample: Initial relationship development: Experience with multi-layered stakeholder analysis to support appropriate buyer mapping organizationUnderstand and articulate value creation storylines via qualitative and quantitative means.Example: Produce excel based ROI models to evaluate the economic opportunity set for clients across savings (e.g., cost of care reduction) for multiple different member typesExample: Produce a powerpoint based story board that showcases the strategic value creation opportunities (e.g., cost of care, provider support)Create collateral and conduct analyses related to client ROI, pricing, and quality improvement opportunity to support the development of market/product marketing programsWork with Business Development leaders to drive campaign progression, brand elevation, value proposition articulation, and thought leadership Gain a strong understanding of the product offering; be able to clearly articulate the value proposition and the Quartet story to the market at large Minimum QualificationsBachelors degree required; 2+ years relevant work experience in consulting, business development, finance (e.g. investment banking)Excellent analytical skills and the ability to approach complex problems with a quantitative, value-driven mindset. Proficient in excel and powerpoint to articulate those points.Ideally 1-2 years healthcare experience. Strong understanding of health IT space and the shift toward value-based careTenacity, grit, and extraordinary interpersonal abilities to build relationships internally (e.g., cross organization collaboration) and later on externally (e.g., join for C-suite meetings)Passion for improving lives by unifying physical and mental healthcare deliveryDeep alignment with Quartet Healths core valuesEmployee Benefits for Quartet include: Unlimited vacation, volunteer opportunities, catered lunches, snacks, team events and outings, full medical, dental + vision coverage, generous parental leave, commuter benefits, 15 free therapy sessions + unlimited copay reimbursements for mental healthcare, 401K, ESPP, gym benefits. Want to know what Quartet life is like? Click here to meet our team. Quartet is committed to building a diverse team and fostering an inclusive culture, and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We embrace and encourage our employees' differences in race, religion, color, national origin, gender, family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, disability, pregnancy, medical conditions, and other characteristics. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Quartet does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Quartet will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Quartet. Please note: Quartet interview requests and job offers only originate from quartethealth.com email addresses (e.g. jsmith@quartethealth.com). Quartet will also never ask for bank information (e.g. account and routing number), social security numbers, passwords, or other sensitive information to be delivered via email. If you receive a scam email or wish to report a security issue involving Quartet, please notify us at: security@quartethealth.com.Have someone to refer? Email talent@quartethealth.com to submit their details to us. "
"2983133103"	"Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Quartet"	2019-01-30	82	110	95	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=356042&s=58&guid=000001689ff4efc483d1131b944fbf8b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_302809f4&cb=1548871856526&jobListingId=2983133103"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"Company Description:Quartet is a pioneering technology company connecting physical and mental care to improve peoples health and quality of life. We are building a collaborative technology platform that brings together physicians, mental health providers, and insurance companies to effectively improve patient outcomes and drive down healthcare costs. Our data-driven platform identifies high-need patients and facilitates access to personalized care. Backed by $92MM in venture funding from top investors like GV (formerly Google Ventures) and Oak HC/FT, Quartet is headquartered in NYC and is currently operating in several markets across the US -- Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Louisiana, Washington, Northern California, and New Jersey.About the team:Quartet is looking for a Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst who is excited to dive head-first into our data ecosystem to help solve problems across the business. This position requires outstanding analytic and communication skills, the ability to collaborate with a wide variety of colleagues, experience prioritizing work in a fast-paced environment, and the tenacity to execute against deliverables in a timely, high-quality fashion.This role will work largely in Looker, our BI tool, to provide data-driven insights to teams across Quartet. The BI Analyst will develop a deep knowledge of our internal data systems and an understanding of how to use them to operate Quartet efficiently. This could mean identifying opportunities to improve care to patients, analyzing usage patterns on our web products, measuring effectiveness of new initiatives, or exposing company-wide insights to our leadership team. Work products will most often be \"Looks\" (specific metrics / measurements) or \"Dashboards\" (coherent and comprehensive views of a problem or topic). There will also be contributions to our underlying data infrastructure, writing some SQL to support more complex analysis or new measurements as needed. BI Analysts will work alongside other BI Analysts, and report to the Manager of Business Analytics. Some of the BI group's biggest stakeholders at Quartet are Business Development, Patient and Provider Success, and Operations. BI Analysts work with representatives from these teams to ensure we are delivering the valuable, actionable data insights that Quartet needs. BI Analysts often work closely with Data Scientists and Data Engineers to ensure an adequate technical foundation exists to perform analysis on.Accountabilities Evaluate and understand information gathered from multiple sources (healthcare claims, operational tools, web application, and third party data)Own relationships with teams and projects across the company on behalf of the BI team to ensure alignment with Quartets business goalsExtend and maintain our reporting infrastructure in Looker, including SQL transformations to the underlying data models, which feed reports and dashboardsBuild additional technical skills to support ongoing data science projectsOwn deliverables end to end, including data integrity, analysis, validation, and documentationMinimum QualificationsBachelors degree2+ years of experience working with non-technical users to understand business problems and map abstract problems to data that can be used to solve them2+ years of experience in SQLUnderstanding of schema designPreferred Qualifications Experience generating customer-facing reports (specifically, using Looker)Familiarity with claims or EHR dataExperience with statistical inference and interpreting mathematical models helpfulExperience in other programming languages (R, Python, etc.) helpfulEmployee Benefits for Quartet include: Unlimited vacation, volunteer opportunities, catered lunches, snacks, team events and outings, full medical, dental + vision coverage, generous parental leave, commuter benefits, 15 free therapy sessions + unlimited copay reimbursements for mental healthcare, 401K, ESPP, gym benefits. Want to know what Quartet life is like? Click here to meet our team. Quartet is committed to building a diverse team and fostering an inclusive culture, and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We embrace and encourage our employees' differences in race, religion, color, national origin, gender, family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, disability, pregnancy, medical conditions, and other characteristics. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Quartet does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Quartet will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Quartet. Please note: Quartet interview requests and job offers only originate from quartethealth.com email addresses (e.g. jsmith@quartethealth.com). Quartet will also never ask for bank information (e.g. account and routing number), social security numbers, passwords, or other sensitive information to be delivered via email. If you receive a scam email or wish to report a security issue involving Quartet, please notify us at: security@quartethealth.com.Have someone to refer? Email talent@quartethealth.com to submit their details to us. "
"1549023652"	"Data Architect / Solution Architect"	"Sagence"	2019-01-25	118	170	143	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=124&ao=240900&s=58&guid=000001689ff4efc483d1131b944fbf8b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_2a6cacab&cb=1548871856526&jobListingId=1549023652"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"Data Architect / Solution ArchitectCompany Description: Sagence is a management advisory firm dedicated to helping our clients optimize the value of their data assets. From thinking to doing, Sagence works with leading institutions in the acquisition, evaluation, development and management of their critical data assets and in the application of analytics to discover new insights, shorten time-to-value, and drive competitive advantage.Sagence is looking for experienced, client-facing Data and Solution Architects to help us build and sustain our client’s data capabilities and competitive advantage. Listed below is an overview of the position requirements as well as the characteristics of our successful professionals.Job Requirements:Expertise in data solution architectures; tools and techniques used for data managementAbility to identify and adopt enterprise data architecture patterns and solutions in support of business needsAdvanced knowledge of database design principles and data administration standardsAdvanced knowledge of multiple database platforms and design and support tools, including in-depth hands-on experience with at least one database platformAdvanced knowledge of database deployment options and infrastructure tuningExperience developing logical and physical data models for complex projects using both relational and other modeling techniques and approachesExperience administering and tuning moderately complex databasesUnderstanding and experience with business intelligence, reporting, and dashboarding tools and approachesSolid understanding of governance frameworks developed to resolve data ownership, sharing, and access rights within a federated environmentExperience developing Extract, Transform, and Load (ETL) specifications and mappings to support data conversion and integrationExperience in establishing methods and procedures for tracking data sources, data lineage, data quality, completeness, redundancy vs. replication, data dictionary, data models, metadata and master dataExperience with metadata management approaches and toolsKnowledge of enterprise architecture concepts and approachesAwareness of emerging data technologies with an understanding of how to adopt and apply new patternsConsulting Skills:Excellent decision making, project management, communication, and presentation skillsDemonstrated ability in engaging and communicating with stakeholders, across both business and technology functionsAdept at creating complex, analytical client presentations and effectively communicating the analysis to a broad audience of individuals at all levelsTools and Technology:Proficient at leveraging tools and technology to drive value for clients. Illustrative tools include the following;ETL tools (e.g. Informatica, DataStage, Ab Initio)Database management systems (e.g., MYSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata)Data modeling tools (e.g., ERWin, ER/Studio, IBM Data Architect)BI and visualization tools (e.g., Business Objects, Microsoft, Tableau, OBIEE, Qlickview)NoSQL and “Big Data” tools (e.g., Hadoop, MongoDB, Greenplum)Industry Experience:Must have prior professional experience in a management consulting environment or client facing roleKnowledge and experience working within at least one of the following industries is preferred: Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare, RetailGeneral:Must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis. Sagence does not provide sponsorship for work visas.5+ years of professional experience working in a related roleStrong technical, strategic and business analysis skills with the ability to solve complex problemsMust be collaborative, innovative, curious, and resourceful, and exhibit a positive attitudeStrong desire to work on interesting projects with smart and creative people, to learn every day, and to grow to your fullest potentialWillingness to travel to client sites as neededMust reside in the Chicago or New York metropolitan areaOur Culture:Passionate, diverse, creative, genuine, flexible, hands-on…these are just a few of the words that describe our culture. Our Founders and Partners are deeply involved in the client work on a daily basis. Wehave a high-energy workplace with a focus on producing high-quality, impactful results.We are committed to equality of opportunity, fairness, work and lifestyle balance, and mutual respect. We promote an entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging individual initiative and foster a collaborative culture and work environment which includes open communication and on-going learning. We build teamwork through small, dedicated teams who continuously teach each other and learn from one another. We strongly believe these characteristics enable our employees to develop to their fullest potential. To learn more, please visit us at www.sagenceconsulting.com"
"3074986150"	"Data Engineer"	"Spotify"	2019-01-30	141	184	160	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=348095&s=58&guid=000001689ff4efc483d1131b944fbf8b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_165605ab&cb=1548871856526&jobListingId=3074986150"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	" Spotify is looking for a Data Engineer to join us. You will build data driven solutions to bring music and digital media experiences to our 100 million active users and millions of artists either by working directly on product features, publishing and insight tools for artists, or by improving the quality of our data tools and large scale data infrastructure. You will take on complex data-related problems using some of the most diverse datasets available — user behaviors, acoustical analysis, revenue streams, cultural and contextual data, and other signals across our broad range of mobile and connected platforms. Above all, your work will influence the way people experience music.What you'll doBuild large-scale batch and real-time data pipelines with data processing frameworks like Scalding, Scio, Storm, Spark and the Google Cloud Platform.Use best practices in continuous integration and delivery.Help drive optimization, testing and tooling to improve data quality.Collaborate with other software engineers, ML experts and stakeholders, taking learning and leadership opportunities that will arise every single day.Work in multi-functional agile teams to continuously experiment, iterate and deliver on new product objectives. Who you areYou know how to work with high volume heterogeneous data, preferably with distributed systems such as Hadoop, BigTable, and Cassandra.You are knowledgeable about data modeling, data access, and data storage techniques.You appreciate agile software processes, data-driven development, reliability, and responsible experimentation.You understand the value of partnership within teams. We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. We strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users and our creators. This is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of changing the way the world listens to music.  Psst! If this job is your perfect match and you want some inside tips before you apply, read this blog post!"
"2624838662"	"Data Scientist (Product)"	"Spotify"	2019-01-29	123	169	147	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=119&ao=133232&s=58&guid=000001689ff4e939b3452cf4db330a5a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_27d5b07d&cb=1548871854963&jobListingId=2624838662"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	" We are looking for a Data Scientist to join the band and help drive a data-first culture across Spotify.  As a Data Scientist, our mission is to turn terabytes of data into insights and get a deep understanding of how our people use our apps to impact the product, strategy and direction of Spotify. You will study user behavior, strategic initiatives, content, and new features and bring data and insights into every decision we make. Above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music. What you’ll do:Perform analyses on large sets of data to extract actionable insights that will help drive product decisionsCommunicate data-driven insights and recommendations to key stakeholdersWork closely with cross-functional teams of analysts, user researchers, product owners, designers, and engineers who are passionate about Spotify’s successWork from our offices in New YorkConduct A/B testing to drive iterative improvement through efficient experimentationWho you are:You have at least 4+years of experience in a similar data scientist and a degree in science, computer science, statistics, economics, mathematics, or similar quantitative discipline.You have a deep understanding of numbers, as well as a strong business sense.Ideally you have experience working in a product analytics or insights role and have conducted A/B testsYou have the technical competence to perform more advanced analytics:Coding skills for analytics and data extraction (SQL, R, Python, Pandas)Data visualization (such as Tableau, Qlik, D3, ggplot)Experience performing analysis with large datasetsYou are capable of tackling very loosely defined problems.You are a communicative person that values building strong relationships with colleagues and stakeholders and have the ability to explain complex topics in simple terms. We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. We strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users and our creators. This is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of changing the way the world listens to music."
"3097422861"	"Data Scientist"	"Telaria"	2019-01-26	88	129	108	4.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=111&ao=425041&s=58&guid=000001689ff4e939b3452cf4db330a5a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_a0d1c8b7&cb=1548871854963&jobListingId=3097422861"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	" Telaria (NYSE: TLRA), (formerly Tremor Video), is the leading independent data-driven software platform built to monetize and manage premium video inventory with the greatest speed, control, and transparency, wherever and however audiences are watching.  As a Data Scientist, you will work within one of the largest independent programmatic video ad businesses in the world. You will collaborate with a multi-disciplinary team of engineers and analysts on a wide range of problems relating to revenue yield, infrastructure costs, auction dynamics and exchange optimization. This position will bring analytical rigor and statistical methods to the challenges of measuring quality, improving products, and understanding the behavior of consumers, advertisers and publishers. ResponsibilitiesWorking with large and complex data sets, solve difficult analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of Telaria's data structures and metrics, advocating for changes where needed for product, engineering and sales activity.Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with engineering to assess improvements to Telaria's products and identify opportunities for optimization.Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings to multiple levels of stakeholdersMinimum QualificationsBS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, economics, computer science, mathematics, physics).5 years relevant work experience in data analysis or related field (e.g. as a statistician / data scientist).Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL).Experience working with big data solutions such as Hadoop, Hive and SparkExperience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data. Experience translating analysis results into business recommendations.Demonstrated effective written and verbal communication skills.Preferred QualificationsPhD degree in a quantitative discipline as listed in Minimum Qualifications.6+ years of relevant work experience including deep expertise and experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, sampling methods.Applied experience with machine learning on large datasets.Demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical tools given a data analysis problem.Demonstrated leadership and self-direction, including willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques.Experience in multiple programming languages (Python, R, Java, Scala, etc.)Compensation & Benefits: At Telaria we place an emphasis and importance on ensuring our total rewards are competitive, aligned with industry and to help you create a productive work/life balance. Benefits are highly subsidized and include medical, company paid dental, vision, employer contributed Health Savings Account, 401k matching, corporate gym discounts, pre-tax health and commuter savings, life insurance, 5 and 10-year Sabbatical programs, Discretionary Time Off (a.k.a. open vacation policy!), Paid Parental Leave, an Employee Referral Program, Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), and much more! All this is within a collaborative work environment you can personalize and topped with engaging programs like Micro-Mentorship, and Team Sports.  Telaria values diversity and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status."
"3043270471"	"Business Intelligence Analyst"	"The Bloc"	2019-01-26	80	110	93	3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=119&ao=160631&s=58&guid=000001689ff4efc483d1131b944fbf8b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_b307438d&cb=1548871856526&jobListingId=3043270471"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"About Us: A full-service creative health solutions agency, The Bloc was founded in 2000, and has since remained one of the largest independently held advertising agencies in the US. With an established network of like-minded, independent agencies across 19 countries, The Bloc continues to be globally recognized for creativity and innovation in the health space. Specialty areas include HCP (healthcare professionals) and DTC (direct to consumer) promotion, with supporting strategic services such as planning, omnichannel experience, payer and medical. Role: The customer engagement team seeks an analyst to specialize on digital brands. The business intelligence analyst role is a multi-faceted and driven analytics lead that is passionate about technology, customer experience, and data. The role requires fluency in the language of both business and technology (SQL, D3, data visualization etc).  The position will play an instrumental role in analyzing, exposing, and connecting the dots with data; namely, surfacing insights from our client's internal data of owned and operated digital properties that drive impact to our business and improves consumer experiences. It will also be instrumental in launching and maintaining digital projects through the collection business/stakeholder requirements and understanding all necessary aspects of client business. The BIA will work closely with digital business leads across key Bloc clients, as well as work directly with account management, engagement strategy, user experience, and technology to implement and improve customer solutions.  They will be the primary reporting specialist and a key contributor in providing data and actionable insights that ensures digital as well as client business success. It's important that this candidate have the technical ability to mine and retrieve data and implement technical solutions, as well as conduct stakeholder interviews and facilitated requirements gathering sessions (JAD), while possessing the business acumen and social skills to communicate with executives in the company and articulate digital business solutions. Responsibilities:25%Work within client BI + analytics teams, while in continuous communication with account managers, strategists, and CX leads to help synthesize questions, understand our client's data and business/functional needs and query for answers in way that addresses necessary business needs and is easily understood. 25% Deliver analyses such as: customer feature/retention correlation, content performance analysis, website analytics, customer segmentation, lifetime value analysis, and cross channel analysis. 25% Become an expert on our wide range of brand and their digital audiences as well as their behavior across properties. 25% Proactively identify insights that help stakeholders achieve their objectives and improve products and services. Minimum Qualifications and Job Requirements | All must be met to be considered.EducationDegree in a quantitative field, such as computer science, statistics, business, mathematics, engineering, data science or other sciences, such as psychology or physics or equivalent experience. Experience2-3 years of experience working as an analyst, statistical analyst, report writer or other technical capacity understanding, documenting, interpreting and communicating business data.Proven ability to understand business needs and translate those needs to technical requirements and technical solutions.Proven ability to evolve a strategy to a set of objectives and a tactical execution plan.EssentialSpecific Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Strong interest in digital analytics & experience working for a digital AORCustomer data based data query and visualization experience (data from web, iOS and Android environments).Hands on experience with SQL queries and popular data warehouses like Google BigQuery, Snowflake and AWSStrong business, analytical and written communication skills.Experience working with popular query writing tools like Looker, Tableau or Mode Analytics.Strong experience with online user behavior and familiarity with the types of events generally tracked.A desire to prove the correct answer to yourself via multiple angles or queries on the hypothesis.The Bloc provides equal employment opportunity to all individuals regardless of their race, color, creed, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law."
"3096875055"	"Data Analyst"	"Walt Disney Company"	2019-01-25	66	108	85	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=109&ao=37049&s=58&guid=000001689ff4e939b3452cf4db330a5a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_e31c8412&cb=1548871854963&jobListingId=3096875055"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	" We are seeking a Data Analyst who will focus on analyzing subscriber retention and engagement. Collaborating across marketing, product, data engineering, data science and business teams, this position will design and implement reporting that enables internal clients to access, explore and monitor data, as well as perform analysis and share underlying trends and insights to help teams have a better understanding of the ESPN+ and Disney+ subscribers, audience behavior and engagement drivers.Responsibilities :Mine data, perform quantitative analysis and create clear and actionable narratives about our audience, their behaviors, and drivers of retention and engagement.Partner with colleagues facilitating the design, build and automation of reports / dashboards that provide insight into customer conversion and behavior.Build intuitive interfaces, infographics, and visualizations to tell stories with data.Create presentations with analysis and insights for both technical and non-technical audiences.Basic Qualifications :2+ years of analytical experience, 1 of these years must be work experience using SQL and Python/R or other statistical programming language.Familiarity with data exploration and data visualization tools like Tableau, Looker, Chartio, etc. It is a plus if you can share a portfolio of clear, intuitive and insightful visualizations.Understanding of statistics concepts (e.g., hypothesis testing, regression analysis).Ability to think strategically, analyze and interpret market and consumer information.Strong communication skills, as well as written and verbal presentation skills.Required Education :College degree in an analytical field."
"3097795445"	"Publishing Data Analyst"	"Walt Disney Company"	2019-01-26	66	108	85	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=118&ao=37049&s=58&guid=000001689ff4e939b3452cf4db330a5a&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_1da6586c&cb=1548871854963&jobListingId=3097795445"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	" Marvel is looking for a dedicated and highly-motivated Publishing Data Analyst to create and maintain publishing projects using its various databases and online resources on a permanent, full-time basis. Primarily, the Publishing Data Analyst will assist the Sales Department with the creation and maintenance of essential sales metadata and images, navigating through workflows that can be very time-consuming with short deadlines.  The Publishing Data Analyst will establish and deliver metadata that will be used to connect the business relationships between Marvel and its numerous digital distribution partners (e.g., Comixology, iTunes, Amazon, and Barnes & Noble).  This position will drive sales and financial reporting, production schedule tracking, and deliver vital Marvel catalog information to its customers and digital partners.  The primary mission of the Publishing Data Analyst will be to create, modify and maintain print and digital comic sales information and images within our Marvel.com, Oracle and Agile PLM databases. The Analyst will assign all necessary cross reference data, and work with the Sales department to publish stories and images online to engage our readers. The Analyst will also perform data sweeps upon projects featured on the website to validate information is presented correctly online to the world.  The Publishing Data Analyst will provide assistance in analyzing catalog metadata for print titles, send weekly reports to multiple internal departments and vendors, and maintain data integrity Responsibilities :Create and support ongoing maintenance for thousands of customized, front and back list digital projects (comics and collections) in-house and online.Collaborate with Sales Department to upload weekly stories and images on Comics rotator section of Marvel.com.Create and support vital cross reference information, such as vendor digital ID numbers, Amazon standard ID numbers and redeem codes, which affect sales and incentive processing.Gather and upload hundreds of cover images online for catalog, back list and weekly in-line books.Coordinate with Publishing Operations on metadata confirmation and data clean-up.Navigate through antiquated database rules in order to make data changes and work with IT to test permanent solutions to those old workflows.Coordinate with Comixology and other vendors to ensure data integrity between Marvel and its digital partners.Support various print publishing and Marvel.com workflows when needed.Basic Qualifications :Strong analytical, verbal, and written communications skills.Must have patience, strong organizational skills, and ability to multi-task and prioritize.Must be computer savvy. Knowledge of how to use a PC and a Mac is required.Must be an Excel super-user. vLookups and pivot table knowledge is required.Must have a reverence for accuracy and a passion for lots of manual data entry.Any knowledge of Agile PLM, Oracle R12, and other MS Office products a plus.Knowledge of Marvel publishing history not required but definitely a plus."
"3096947498"	"Data Engineer"	"WeWork"	2019-01-25	111	150	129	3.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=357308&s=58&guid=000001689ff4efc483d1131b944fbf8b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_bdb82eae&cb=1548871856526&jobListingId=3096947498"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	"About the RoleData is at the core of our business, providing insights into the effectiveness of our products and enabling the technology that powers them. We build and operate the platform used by the rest of the company for streaming and batch computation and to train ML models. Were building an ecosystem where consumers and producers of data can depend on each other safely. We thrive to build high quality systems we can be proud to open source and an amazing experience for our users and ourselves. We regard culture and trust highly and are looking forward to welcoming your contribution to the team.  If youre passionate about building large scale data processing systems, and you are motivated to make an impact in creating a robust and scalable data platform used by every team, come join us. You will jump into an early stage team that builds the data transport, collection and orchestration layers. You will help shape the vision and architecture of WeWork's next generation data infrastructure, making it easy for developers to build data-driven products and features. You are responsible for developing a reliable infrastructure that scales with the companys incredible growth. Your efforts will allow accessibility to business and user behavior insights, using huge amounts of WeWork data to fuel several teams such as Analytics, Data Science, Sales, Revenue, Product, Growth and many others as well as empowering them to depend on each other reliably. You will be a part of an experienced engineering team and work with passionate leaders on challenging distributed systems problems.ResponsibilitiesBuilding and operating large scale data infrastructure in production (performance, reliability, monitoring)Designing, implementing and debugging distributed systemsThinking through long-term impacts of key design decisions and handling failure scenariosBuilding self-service platforms to power WeWorks TechnologyRequirementsExperience with one or more of the following languages and functional programming in general: Scala, Haskell, Java, JavaScriptExperience with one or more of the following technologies:Distributed logging systems (Kafka, Pulsar, Kinesis, etc)Stream processing. Flink, Spark, Storm, Beam, etcBatch processing: Spark, Hadoop,IDL: Avro, Protobuf or ThriftMPP databases (Redshift, Vertica, )Query execution (Columnar storage, push downs): Hive, Presto, Parquet, ...Workflow management (Airflow, Oozie, Azkaban, ...)Cloud storage: S3, GCS, ...Understanding of distributed systems concepts and principles (consistency and availability, liveness and safety, durability, reliability, fault-tolerance, consensus algorithms)Eager to learn new things and passionate about technologyBonus points:Experience with contributing to open source softwareExperience with the following Cassandra, DynamoDB, RocksDB/LevelDB, Graphite, StatsD, CollectDYou're focused on team over individual achievements.You building software incrementally and make consistent progress.You love to learn. mentor and teach others.You're empathetic, you build long-lasting relationship characteristic of highly efficient teams.You keep up-to-date with the latest developments in the field.About WeWorkWeWork Technology is bridging the gap between physical and digital platforms, providing a delightful, flawless & powerful experience for members and employees. We build software and hardware that enables our members to connect with each other and the space around them like never before.  We augment our community and culture teams through the tools we build. We believe theres a macro shift toward a new way of workingone focused on a movement towards meaning and purpose. WeWork Technology is proud to be shaping this movement.  We are a team of passionate, fearless and collaborative problem-solvers distributed globally with one goal in mind - to humanize technology across the world.  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity in our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Apply now!"
"3043077321"	"Senior Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Zocdoc"	2019-01-26	100	134	116	3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=8095&s=58&guid=000001689ff4efc483d1131b944fbf8b&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_0f01bc1d&cb=1548871856526&jobListingId=3043077321"	2019-01-30 13:11:35	" Zocdoc is seeking an ambitious, detail-oriented individual to work with our Business Intelligence and Product Management teams. You will be responsible for partnering closely with our Product Management teams to define, execute and manage that team's data and analytics strategy. You will use a scientific approach to help teams identify what aspects of their business lines are most important, and how to improve them. This job will not only entail reporting and analysis, but also data-pipeline development and maintenance. What You'll Do:Collaborate with business partners to drive their data strategy, which includes; managing KPIs and funnel metrics with associated reporting; deep dive analysis to perform root cause investigations and opportunity sizing; AB test support.Write queries and code to extract relevant data from various platforms.Collaborate with other analysts to maintain our dashboards, ensuring they are up-to-date, accurate, and fair representations of product performance.Automate and streamline existing analytics processes to maximize efficiency.Help ensure that data is accurate and consistent throughout the organization.Train teams how to leverage our data tools and assess whether their conclusions are valid.Work with engineering teams in tracking events that are critical to measuring company performance.Clearly communicate your findings to a range of stakeholders to inform and educate themWhat's Required:3+ years experience working with large data sets to extract and surface actionable findings.Degree in engineering, science, statistics, economics, finance or related technical field.Experience communicating to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.Proven track record of forming and executing on high-level business strategy.Advanced Excel skills including pivot tables, macros, charts, functions, and VBA modeling.Proficiency with SQL.Experience with data modeling in Tableau, Looker or data visualization tool.Experience with a Customer Data Platform tool is a plus (mParticle, Segment).Knowledge of Spark or Hive is a plus.MBA is a plus.Experience with Python or R a plus.Experience in Marketing and/or Ad Tech a plus."
