"jobListingId"	"title"	"company"	"last_updated"	"salary_min_est"	"salary_max_est"	"salary_est"	"review"	"url"	"run_time"	"description"
"3030501758"	"Analyst"	"1stdibs.com"	2019-01-15	66	103	81	4.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=109&ao=8095&s=58&guid=0000016858532114a7425e410d95e09e&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_8d187c76&cb=1547670070150&jobListingId=3030501758"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	" Here at 1stdibs one of our core values is 'Say It With Data' and we are looking for an Analyst to join our Analytics team. In this role you will work cross-functionally and partner with key stakeholders to measure and quantify marketing/product initiatives here at 1stdibs.  Your goal is to lead and manage conversations that steer our audience acquisition/retention and user experience optimization strategy through the identification of significant trends and application of advanced insights. You will provide thought-leadership on how to effectively leverage data to inform decision-making across the organization.  In this role, you will have the opportunity to learn and develop expertise around how a luxury e-commerce marketplace leverages web analytics to drive decisions. You will be a self-starter who can jump in without being asked, see the big picture but pay close attention to detail, and demonstrate strong verbal and written communication skills. You will be diligent in your work and have a passion for process. You will be passionate about using data to drive business decisions and have experience working with various stakeholders and cross-functional teams. To be successful you will have a deep knowledge of SQL, a natural flair for interpreting data and an all around passion for numbers!  We have a startup culture that is constantly evolving so comfort with ambiguity is very important. In exchange, you'll be given the opportunity to work with and learn from some of the most passionate, driven and creative people assembled under one roof. What you'll doDefine, analyze and validate key metrics to inform decision-making and measure product and marketing success from a business and user perspectiveWork with business owners to leverage data to identify growth opportunities and user pain points, evaluate new features and recommend changesCommunicate and present data and insights clearly, distilling complexity down to its essenceDesign, monitor, analyze and create reporting for A/B experimentsPerform and regularly monitor cohort and conversion funnel analyses to identify key user behavior trendsGather requirements and build data visualizations and interactive dashboardsWhat you'll bringBachelor's in a quantitative field, data science or business analytics; Master's preferred2-4 years of experience in marketing|digital|business analyticsStrong SQL skillsFamiliarity with web analytics tools, such as Google AnalyticsFamiliarity with business intelligence solutions that translate insights into simple and concise visuals (e.g. Chartio, Looker, Tableau, etc.)Possess strong verbal, written and visual presentation skills, with an emphasis on storytellingAbility to think critically about problems through multiple perspectives and assert demonstrable hypothesesComfort working in a fast-paced, cross-functional environment, delivering flawless execution"
"3064727332"	"Business Intelligence Engineer"	"Amazon"	2019-01-16	69	101	86	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=133043&s=58&guid=0000016858532114a7425e410d95e09e&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_759d5332&cb=1547670070151&jobListingId=3064727332"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	" Do you enjoy working in an entrepreneurial environment delivering innovative solutions? Are you excited about bringing science to the art of new products?  Amazons video advertisement is looking for a passionate, insightful, results-oriented business intelligence engineer to help manage our ever-growing information needs and support analysis of increasingly complex business questions. Were a V1 startup that leverages interactive streaming video to create new shopping experiences for customers. Our team is launching a new program that enables brands to connect with customers in relevant and engaging ways in advertising their products.  As a Business Intelligence Engineer, you will focus on building a scalable BIE platform, the development of reporting, analytics and decision support that would help shape our business and product features. You should have excellent technical, business and communication skills to be able to work with business partners and development teams to define and prioritize key business questions, data sets and analysis that answer those questions. Responsibilities: · Interfacing with business groups to gather data and metrics requirements.  · Translate analytic insights into concrete, actionable recommendations for business or product improvement  · Identifying data needs and driving data quality improvement projects.  · Collaborating with engineers to implement the design of the data architecture.  · Supporting strategic data analysis requests. Basic Qualifications · Bachelor's degree or higher in an analytical area such as Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering or similar.  · 5+ years of experience as a BI Engineer, Business/Financial Analyst or Systems Analyst preferably in an internet-based company with large, complex data sources, or in an analysis or research role with progressively increasing responsibility.  · Proficient in using SQL, ETL, Data Warehouse solutions and databases in a business environment with large-scale, complex datasets.  · Proven analytical and quantitative skills and an ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions, develop business cases, and complete root cause analyses.  · Strong verbal/written communication and data presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams."
"3082871278"	"Business and Licensing Systems Analyst"	"ASCAP"	2019-01-10	63	119	87	2.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=126&ao=313167&s=58&guid=0000016858531a399558c8e71d312b89&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_12d0c30a&cb=1547670068729&jobListingId=3082871278"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	" The American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP) is a professional membership organization of songwriters, composers and music publishers of every kind of music. ASCAP's mission is to license and promote the music of its members and foreign affiliates, obtain fair compensation for the public performance of their works and to distribute the royalties that it collects based upon those performances. ASCAP members write the world's best-loved music and ASCAP has pioneered the efficient licensing of that music to hundreds of thousands of enterprises who use it to add value to their business - from bars, restaurants and retail, to radio, TV and cable, to Internet, mobile services and more. The ASCAP license offers an efficient solution for businesses to legally perform ASCAP music while respecting the right of songwriters and composers to be paid fairly. With over 670,000 members representing more than 10 million copyrighted works, ASCAP is the worldwide leader in performance royalties, service and advocacy for songwriters and composers, and the only American performing rights organization (PRO) owned and governed by its writer and publisher members. www.ascap.comJob Description: The Business Licensing and Systems Analyst is a key member of the Business Operations Department. They will assist in the improvement of performance, productivity and efficiency through the implementation of systems and processes within all of Licensing at ASCAP. Principal Duties and Responsibilities: Study business functions, current practices and workflows, and assist with analyzing and generating requirementsAnalyze systems and internal processes and workflows to generate innovative ideas to prevent and resolve problems; make recommendations for improvementDocument and recommend workflow changes needed to support business requirementsAnalyze and revise existing functional documentation; provide references for users by writing and maintaining user documentation (training manuals/tip sheets)Present findings and suggestions for process improvement to team members and managementLead Product Owners with data cleanup in NLS and all legacy systems (GLS, BLS, Salesforce)Assist with testing new features/functionality in NLSAssist in all aspects of Licensing Systems TrainingHandle and/or support special projects as directedQualifications:Motivated individual with a forward-thinking and innovative mindset; committed to accuracy and data integrityExtensive knowledge and understanding of Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Visio, PowerPoint)Functional business writingExcellent verbal and written communicationAnalytical; understands and can manipulate quantitative dataSalesforce and JIRA systems experience a plusLegal Contract experience a plusAgile experience a plusMusic industry knowledge a plus Besides providing a unique and dynamic work environment, there are a few other reasons you should consider ASCAP in your career planning. We also offer generous benefit options that are comprehensive and provide the flexibility that most employees want and need. These health care and financial plan options include the following: A choice of either HMO or Point-of-Service (POS) medical and dental plansImmediate eligibility for 401(k) participation with matchGenerous time-off policyHealth care and dependent care flexible spending accountsLong term disability insuranceBasic life insurance, supplemental and dependent life insurance optionsEmployer paid retirement savings program #LI-AC1"
"3083363670"	"Data Management Analyst"	"Axtria"	2019-01-10	84	126	107	3.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=115&ao=361581&s=58&guid=0000016858531a399558c8e71d312b89&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_9c4a418b&cb=1547670068728&jobListingId=3083363670"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	"IntroductionAxtria is a global big data analytics company. We empower leaders across the Life Sciences and Financial Services industries to make better data-driven decisions.Our data analytics and software platforms support data science, commercial operations and cloud information management. We help to optimize business strategy by delivering cutting edge analytics from the broadest set of data sources, combined with deep technical and domain expertise. We enable commercial excellence by eliminating spreadsheets and delivering analytical guidance to the field through Axtria SalesIQ™, our cloud based sales planning and operations platform. We are leaders in managing data using the latest cloud information management and big data technologies.We have more than 900+ employees worldwide, we are growing rapidly, and we are proud to count 8 of the top 10 global Life Sciences companies and 2 of the Top 5 global banks as our customers. We serve clients with a high-touch on-site and onshore presence, leveraged by a global delivery platform. Success in the position requires a person who can engage with client stakeholders to understand their business problems, their data/technical landscape & recommend data driven solutions. Then work with clients to gather requirements, contribute to solution design, led implementation, alignment of solution to client needs and customer satisfaction.The position will be directly responsible for:- Lead development of architecture and standards for our data warehouses and data lakesHands on experience in working on Cloud platforms like AWS, Azure, GCPServe as the go-to person for Business Intelligence capabilities and available data setsGather requirements and work cross functionally across internal teamsCollaborate with Architect, build and launch new data models that provide intuitive analytics to data customersMentor and coach warehouse and data engineersBuild and maintain high-performance, fault-tolerant, secure, and scalable distributed software systemsDevelop expertise on Lifesciences data sets and lead their modeling to enable insightsImplement tools that helps your data customers to extract, analyze, and visualize data fasterEvaluate new technologies and build prototypes for continuous improvements in data infrastructure and engineeringDeep Pharma Domain experience. Understanding of various syndicated, specialty, marketing channels and associated datasetsExperience in one of these data massaging technologies – PySpark, AWS Glue, Informatica BDM.Required Skills & Experience5-10 years professional experience as a software developer, including experience as a technical leadLeading design and implementation of data warehouses and related technologiesExperience architecting and designing data modelsMastery of SQL and ETL techniquesDevelopment experience with an interpreted scripting languageBachelor’s degree in Computer Science or other technical field Desired experience:Healthcare provider experience, work with EHR/EMR data a plus.Project management experience desirableExperience in different phases of SDLC development desirable.Logistics and Location: -We are hiring for Berkeley Heights, NJ.U.S. Citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply.Flexibility to travel and/or relocate within the US as per project requirements. "
"3030464918"	"Data Insights Analyst"	"Bluecore"	2019-01-15	80	109	94	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=462861&s=58&guid=0000016858531a399558c8e71d312b89&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_4a79cbd7&cb=1547670068728&jobListingId=3030464918"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	"Bluecore is an Inc. 500 high-growth marketing technology company. Bluecore has been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work by Glassdoor and is ranked No. 241 on the Inc. 500 List, the most prestigious ranking of the nations fastest-growing private companies. Our Retail Performance Cloud, specializing in artificial intelligence - based workflows. Our unique ability to leverage machine learning to match customer data with real-time product and behavior enables brands to build intelligent, marketing communications and personalized campaigns in seconds vs. days. More than 400 retail brands, including Staples, Perry Ellis, Teleflora, Tommy Hilfiger, and Best Buy Canada, increase their performance with less effort leveraging our products.Bluecores Data Insights and Strategy team have two key focuses - First to deliver custom deep dive analysis to our largest enterprise clients, and second to productize and scale the most relevant insights so that they can be delivered to hundreds of clients. As an Insights Analyst on the team, your job would be to mine, explore, and analyze terabytes of behavioral data and digital marketing engagement data from across 300+ retail brands to discover and deliver insights and strategy for our clients. Were looking for a highly motivated data analyst with a strong technical background and a knack for interpreting and communicating the why behind data and its application to business. We are looking for candidates with fluency in SQL, Python, and Excel, who enjoys and appreciates creative thinking, relentlessly digging into data, and turning the results into clearly communicated and compelling strategies. Youll be working closely with the other analysts and strategists on the Insights team, as well as Bluecores customer success and sales teams to deliver insights to our clients. You will be responsible for discovering, solving, and communicating the business problems that our brands face and working with our engineering teams to create automated solutions. ResponsibilitiesBuild, maintain and improve custom models that help our clients solve specific retail marketing goals such as getting buyers to buy in a new category.Design and build KPI reports and visualizations in Excel, Jupyter Notebooks, and Looker to help make our teams and clients successful.Work with the analysts and strategists to help form strategies based on our insights to help our clients reach their business goals.Track and monitor the performance of our strategy recommendations. Provide recommendations for optimizations.Work with customers and internal customer success and sales teams to discover the challenges faced by our clients.Work with engineers to generalize and automate analysis developed on Jupyter Notebooks, Excel, and Looker using tools such as Pandas, Airflow, Google BigQuery, and CloudSQL.RequirementsPosition is located in our New York City office. Bachelors degree in analytical fields such as Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics preferred.2+ years experience in business analysis, consulting, data analysis or other similarly analytical roles, preferably related with large datasets.Retail e-commerce analytics experience is a plus.Ability to operate comfortably and effectively in a fast-paced, highly cross-functional, rapidly changing environment.Experience with R, Python or other languages for data analysis is a must.Fluency in SQL and Python a must.Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.Excellent communication skills for cross-team collaboration.Experience creating dashboards with Looker, Periscope, and other similar data visualization tools required.Knowledge of statistics a plus.BenefitsAmazing team environment recognized by Glassdoor and other culture assessment companies. Certified great places to work by the Great Place to Work InstituteCome work with passionate, energetic, curious people solving customer problemsCompetitive compensation package including salary and comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insuranceEquity in a rapidly growing, early-stage Inc. 500 marketing technology growth companyGenerous Parental Leave & flexible vacation policy401(k) planMonthly fitness stipend for a gym membership or fitness classesMonthly public transportation stipendAt Bluecore we believe in fostering an inclusive environment in which employees feel encouraged to share their unique perspectives, leverage their strengths, and act authentically. We know that diverse teams are strong teams, and welcome those from all backgrounds and varying experiences.Bluecore is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fair hiring practices and to creating a welcoming environment for all team members. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, familial status or veteran status."
"3030464918"	"Data Insights Analyst"	"Bluecore"	2019-01-15	80	109	94	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=462861&s=58&guid=0000016858532114a7425e410d95e09e&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_89d5eb1a&cb=1547670070150&jobListingId=3030464918"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	"Bluecore is an Inc. 500 high-growth marketing technology company. Bluecore has been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work by Glassdoor and is ranked No. 241 on the Inc. 500 List, the most prestigious ranking of the nations fastest-growing private companies. Our Retail Performance Cloud, specializing in artificial intelligence - based workflows. Our unique ability to leverage machine learning to match customer data with real-time product and behavior enables brands to build intelligent, marketing communications and personalized campaigns in seconds vs. days. More than 400 retail brands, including Staples, Perry Ellis, Teleflora, Tommy Hilfiger, and Best Buy Canada, increase their performance with less effort leveraging our products.Bluecores Data Insights and Strategy team have two key focuses - First to deliver custom deep dive analysis to our largest enterprise clients, and second to productize and scale the most relevant insights so that they can be delivered to hundreds of clients. As an Insights Analyst on the team, your job would be to mine, explore, and analyze terabytes of behavioral data and digital marketing engagement data from across 300+ retail brands to discover and deliver insights and strategy for our clients. Were looking for a highly motivated data analyst with a strong technical background and a knack for interpreting and communicating the why behind data and its application to business. We are looking for candidates with fluency in SQL, Python, and Excel, who enjoys and appreciates creative thinking, relentlessly digging into data, and turning the results into clearly communicated and compelling strategies. Youll be working closely with the other analysts and strategists on the Insights team, as well as Bluecores customer success and sales teams to deliver insights to our clients. You will be responsible for discovering, solving, and communicating the business problems that our brands face and working with our engineering teams to create automated solutions. ResponsibilitiesBuild, maintain and improve custom models that help our clients solve specific retail marketing goals such as getting buyers to buy in a new category.Design and build KPI reports and visualizations in Excel, Jupyter Notebooks, and Looker to help make our teams and clients successful.Work with the analysts and strategists to help form strategies based on our insights to help our clients reach their business goals.Track and monitor the performance of our strategy recommendations. Provide recommendations for optimizations.Work with customers and internal customer success and sales teams to discover the challenges faced by our clients.Work with engineers to generalize and automate analysis developed on Jupyter Notebooks, Excel, and Looker using tools such as Pandas, Airflow, Google BigQuery, and CloudSQL.RequirementsPosition is located in our New York City office. Bachelors degree in analytical fields such as Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics preferred.2+ years experience in business analysis, consulting, data analysis or other similarly analytical roles, preferably related with large datasets.Retail e-commerce analytics experience is a plus.Ability to operate comfortably and effectively in a fast-paced, highly cross-functional, rapidly changing environment.Experience with R, Python or other languages for data analysis is a must.Fluency in SQL and Python a must.Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.Excellent communication skills for cross-team collaboration.Experience creating dashboards with Looker, Periscope, and other similar data visualization tools required.Knowledge of statistics a plus.BenefitsAmazing team environment recognized by Glassdoor and other culture assessment companies. Certified great places to work by the Great Place to Work InstituteCome work with passionate, energetic, curious people solving customer problemsCompetitive compensation package including salary and comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insuranceEquity in a rapidly growing, early-stage Inc. 500 marketing technology growth companyGenerous Parental Leave & flexible vacation policy401(k) planMonthly fitness stipend for a gym membership or fitness classesMonthly public transportation stipendAt Bluecore we believe in fostering an inclusive environment in which employees feel encouraged to share their unique perspectives, leverage their strengths, and act authentically. We know that diverse teams are strong teams, and welcome those from all backgrounds and varying experiences.Bluecore is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fair hiring practices and to creating a welcoming environment for all team members. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, familial status or veteran status."
"3030464918"	"Data Insights Analyst"	"Bluecore"	2019-01-15	80	109	94	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=462861&s=58&guid=0000016858531a399558c8e71d312b89&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_4a79cbd7&cb=1547670068728&jobListingId=3030464918"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	"Bluecore is an Inc. 500 high-growth marketing technology company. Bluecore has been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work by Glassdoor and is ranked No. 241 on the Inc. 500 List, the most prestigious ranking of the nations fastest-growing private companies. Our Retail Performance Cloud, specializing in artificial intelligence - based workflows. Our unique ability to leverage machine learning to match customer data with real-time product and behavior enables brands to build intelligent, marketing communications and personalized campaigns in seconds vs. days. More than 400 retail brands, including Staples, Perry Ellis, Teleflora, Tommy Hilfiger, and Best Buy Canada, increase their performance with less effort leveraging our products.Bluecores Data Insights and Strategy team have two key focuses - First to deliver custom deep dive analysis to our largest enterprise clients, and second to productize and scale the most relevant insights so that they can be delivered to hundreds of clients. As an Insights Analyst on the team, your job would be to mine, explore, and analyze terabytes of behavioral data and digital marketing engagement data from across 300+ retail brands to discover and deliver insights and strategy for our clients. Were looking for a highly motivated data analyst with a strong technical background and a knack for interpreting and communicating the why behind data and its application to business. We are looking for candidates with fluency in SQL, Python, and Excel, who enjoys and appreciates creative thinking, relentlessly digging into data, and turning the results into clearly communicated and compelling strategies. Youll be working closely with the other analysts and strategists on the Insights team, as well as Bluecores customer success and sales teams to deliver insights to our clients. You will be responsible for discovering, solving, and communicating the business problems that our brands face and working with our engineering teams to create automated solutions. ResponsibilitiesBuild, maintain and improve custom models that help our clients solve specific retail marketing goals such as getting buyers to buy in a new category.Design and build KPI reports and visualizations in Excel, Jupyter Notebooks, and Looker to help make our teams and clients successful.Work with the analysts and strategists to help form strategies based on our insights to help our clients reach their business goals.Track and monitor the performance of our strategy recommendations. Provide recommendations for optimizations.Work with customers and internal customer success and sales teams to discover the challenges faced by our clients.Work with engineers to generalize and automate analysis developed on Jupyter Notebooks, Excel, and Looker using tools such as Pandas, Airflow, Google BigQuery, and CloudSQL.RequirementsPosition is located in our New York City office. Bachelors degree in analytical fields such as Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics preferred.2+ years experience in business analysis, consulting, data analysis or other similarly analytical roles, preferably related with large datasets.Retail e-commerce analytics experience is a plus.Ability to operate comfortably and effectively in a fast-paced, highly cross-functional, rapidly changing environment.Experience with R, Python or other languages for data analysis is a must.Fluency in SQL and Python a must.Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.Excellent communication skills for cross-team collaboration.Experience creating dashboards with Looker, Periscope, and other similar data visualization tools required.Knowledge of statistics a plus.BenefitsAmazing team environment recognized by Glassdoor and other culture assessment companies. Certified great places to work by the Great Place to Work InstituteCome work with passionate, energetic, curious people solving customer problemsCompetitive compensation package including salary and comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insuranceEquity in a rapidly growing, early-stage Inc. 500 marketing technology growth companyGenerous Parental Leave & flexible vacation policy401(k) planMonthly fitness stipend for a gym membership or fitness classesMonthly public transportation stipendAt Bluecore we believe in fostering an inclusive environment in which employees feel encouraged to share their unique perspectives, leverage their strengths, and act authentically. We know that diverse teams are strong teams, and welcome those from all backgrounds and varying experiences.Bluecore is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fair hiring practices and to creating a welcoming environment for all team members. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, familial status or veteran status."
"3030464918"	"Data Insights Analyst"	"Bluecore"	2019-01-15	80	109	94	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=462861&s=58&guid=0000016858532114a7425e410d95e09e&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_89d5eb1a&cb=1547670070150&jobListingId=3030464918"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	"Bluecore is an Inc. 500 high-growth marketing technology company. Bluecore has been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work by Glassdoor and is ranked No. 241 on the Inc. 500 List, the most prestigious ranking of the nations fastest-growing private companies. Our Retail Performance Cloud, specializing in artificial intelligence - based workflows. Our unique ability to leverage machine learning to match customer data with real-time product and behavior enables brands to build intelligent, marketing communications and personalized campaigns in seconds vs. days. More than 400 retail brands, including Staples, Perry Ellis, Teleflora, Tommy Hilfiger, and Best Buy Canada, increase their performance with less effort leveraging our products.Bluecores Data Insights and Strategy team have two key focuses - First to deliver custom deep dive analysis to our largest enterprise clients, and second to productize and scale the most relevant insights so that they can be delivered to hundreds of clients. As an Insights Analyst on the team, your job would be to mine, explore, and analyze terabytes of behavioral data and digital marketing engagement data from across 300+ retail brands to discover and deliver insights and strategy for our clients. Were looking for a highly motivated data analyst with a strong technical background and a knack for interpreting and communicating the why behind data and its application to business. We are looking for candidates with fluency in SQL, Python, and Excel, who enjoys and appreciates creative thinking, relentlessly digging into data, and turning the results into clearly communicated and compelling strategies. Youll be working closely with the other analysts and strategists on the Insights team, as well as Bluecores customer success and sales teams to deliver insights to our clients. You will be responsible for discovering, solving, and communicating the business problems that our brands face and working with our engineering teams to create automated solutions. ResponsibilitiesBuild, maintain and improve custom models that help our clients solve specific retail marketing goals such as getting buyers to buy in a new category.Design and build KPI reports and visualizations in Excel, Jupyter Notebooks, and Looker to help make our teams and clients successful.Work with the analysts and strategists to help form strategies based on our insights to help our clients reach their business goals.Track and monitor the performance of our strategy recommendations. Provide recommendations for optimizations.Work with customers and internal customer success and sales teams to discover the challenges faced by our clients.Work with engineers to generalize and automate analysis developed on Jupyter Notebooks, Excel, and Looker using tools such as Pandas, Airflow, Google BigQuery, and CloudSQL.RequirementsPosition is located in our New York City office. Bachelors degree in analytical fields such as Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics preferred.2+ years experience in business analysis, consulting, data analysis or other similarly analytical roles, preferably related with large datasets.Retail e-commerce analytics experience is a plus.Ability to operate comfortably and effectively in a fast-paced, highly cross-functional, rapidly changing environment.Experience with R, Python or other languages for data analysis is a must.Fluency in SQL and Python a must.Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.Excellent communication skills for cross-team collaboration.Experience creating dashboards with Looker, Periscope, and other similar data visualization tools required.Knowledge of statistics a plus.BenefitsAmazing team environment recognized by Glassdoor and other culture assessment companies. Certified great places to work by the Great Place to Work InstituteCome work with passionate, energetic, curious people solving customer problemsCompetitive compensation package including salary and comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insuranceEquity in a rapidly growing, early-stage Inc. 500 marketing technology growth companyGenerous Parental Leave & flexible vacation policy401(k) planMonthly fitness stipend for a gym membership or fitness classesMonthly public transportation stipendAt Bluecore we believe in fostering an inclusive environment in which employees feel encouraged to share their unique perspectives, leverage their strengths, and act authentically. We know that diverse teams are strong teams, and welcome those from all backgrounds and varying experiences.Bluecore is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fair hiring practices and to creating a welcoming environment for all team members. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, familial status or veteran status."
"3064645222"	"Business Intelligence Reporting Analyst"	"Columbia University"	2019-01-16	72	106	86	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=114&ao=4120&s=58&guid=0000016858532114a7425e410d95e09e&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_52fea233&cb=1547670070150&jobListingId=3064645222"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	" The College of Dental Medicine's (CDM) three-fold mission is to educate dental students, provide comprehensive outpatient dental care, and conduct research. There are approximately 430 faculty, 410 students/residents, and nearly 200 staff.  The Business intelligence Reporting Analyst will work in a small application development team and will initially be responsible for developing complex dashboard and reporting solutions that will sometimes require the build out of new data structures and models to achieve performance characteristics. The incumbent will work directly with end users to understand their requirements which will require strong interpersonal and analytical skills and a desire to solve users' problems. Reporting solutions may be built to meet administrative, financial, educational or management goals with a primary focus on the patient care clinic. Over time it is expected that the reporting analyst will next develop database administration (DBA) skills expanding responsibilities to perform such tasks. The opportunity also exists for the right candidate to expand responsibilities to become a full stack software engineer."
"2998057701"	"Data Analyst, Brand Solutions"	"Criteo"	2019-01-12	79	107	94	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=103&ao=133065&s=58&guid=0000016858531a399558c8e71d312b89&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_71a2079f&cb=1547670068728&jobListingId=2998057701"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	"Who we areAt Criteo, we are building the advertising platform of choice for the open Internet, an ecosystem that favors neutrality, transparency and inclusiveness. With more than 1.4 billion active shoppers and $600 billion in annual commerce sales, we deliver performance at scale. Founded in a Paris start-up incubator, Criteo now carries out our entrepreneurial spirit across 30+ global offices. Do you want to have an impact on more than half of the worlds internet users? Join us and be part of something big. A Data Analyst on the Analytics (AX) team is a key player in understanding every aspect of Criteos complex business. This role interfaces across the organization to answer challenging analytical questions related to the performance of Criteo Sponsored Products. The scope involves both technically rigorous work, including the use of leading-edge data analysis technologies, and daily interaction with other cross-functional business units as well as external clients.What you'll doAs a member of Analytics, you will be joining a team that is growing and in spotlight with focus to turn rich data into actionable insights. We are looking for an experienced individual who enjoys collaborating with various Executives, Account Management, Sales, and Marketing to help them make data driven decisions. Whether you are delivering clear and actionable insights to advertisers or retailers, analyzing customer behavior and trends, setting up testing, or data mining you will be working with sharp individuals leveraging cutting edge technology and mining multi-terabyte datasets. You have a proven track record of strength in quantitative analysis, are committed to rapidly advancing in your career, and have a strong interest in learning and shaping e-commerce retail.Who you are[MUST HAVE] 2+ years professional experience generating insights from large datasets[MUST HAVE] Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills with exceptional attention to detail[MUST HAVE] Strong business communication skills [MUST BE] Listener, collaborator and team player[MUST HAVE] Proficient writing SQL or SAS or Python or R or any data mining software.[PREFERRED] Familiarity to Ad Technology or Display Technology or web technology or Online retail[PREFERRED] Understanding of digital marketing concepts (CPC, CTR, ROAS, etc.)Strong educational background: Bachelor/Master degree in Mathematics, Engineering, Statistics, Economics, or ScienceAt Criteo, we dare to be different. We believe that diversity fuels innovation and creates an energy that can be seen and felt all over Criteo. We champion different perspectives and are committed to creating a workplace where all Criteos are heard and feel a sense of belonging.Criteo collects your personal data for the purposes of managing Criteo's recruitment related activities. Consequently, Criteo may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants. Your information will be accessible to the different Criteo entities across the world. By clicking the \"Apply\" button you expressly give your consent."
"2998057705"	"Data Analyst, CBS"	"Criteo"	2019-01-12	79	107	94	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=128&ao=133065&s=58&guid=0000016858531a399558c8e71d312b89&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_6f63f670&cb=1547670068729&jobListingId=2998057705"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	"Who we areAt Criteo, we are building the advertising platform of choice for the open Internet, an ecosystem that favors neutrality, transparency and inclusiveness. With more than 1.4 billion active shoppers and $600 billion in annual commerce sales, we deliver performance at scale. Founded in a Paris start-up incubator, Criteo now carries out our entrepreneurial spirit across 30+ global offices. Do you want to have an impact on more than half of the worlds internet users? Join us and be part of something big. A Data Analyst on the Analytics (AX) team is a key player in understanding every aspect of Criteos complex business. This role interfaces across the organization to answer challenging analytical questions related to the performance of Criteo Sponsored Products. The scope involves both technically rigorous work, including the use of leading-edge data analysis technologies, and daily interaction with other cross-functional business units as well as external clients.Criteos high-growth business model brings both opportunities and challenges. This position involves dealing with a considerable amount of complex, real-world data and requires a candidate who is comfortable thinking of new and innovative ways to analyze data and solve problems. The ideal candidate can function with minimal oversight and has a strong ability to learn new concepts quickly.What you'll do: Partner with Business Developer team to maximize our marketplace health and performance through data-driven insightsPresent as appropriate to individuals throughout the organization and to Criteo clients externally (i.e. Educate other departments on AX concepts during a lunch & learn)Manage controlled A/B tests from design, to execution, to analysis and presentation of results Spearhead global initiatives and become subject matter expert as opportunities ariseCreate, maintain and own reports in support of Account Strategy, Sales, and Ops teamsDetermine opportunities for automation using Tableau, R, Python, Pentaho, Kettle or any other technologiesMaintain deep knowledge of Criteo products, technologies, and position in the marketplaceDevelop a strong knowledge of the performance marketing ecosystem Who you are: Bachelors degree or higher in a quantitative field (Mathematics, Economics, Engineering, etc.)Minimum 2 years full-time, analytics-relevant work experience (experience in the digital industry is preferred, SQL proficiency is required)Keen intellectual curiosity and ability to structure & solve difficult problems with minimal supervisionPassion for translating data-speak into relevant, compelling storiesBackground in any of the following preferred: Tableau, Vertica, Hive/Hadoop, R, Python, Pentaho, KettleExceptional attention to detail coupled with an ability to see the big pictureThorough conceptual and practical understanding of relational databases, data architecture/governance, and real-world application of statistical concepts (particularly in a testing context)Effective presentation and public speaking skills with the ability to present and defend complex analysis both internally and externally to both technical and non-technical audiences and a passion for making theMust have the combination of technical skills, passion for learning, and the soft skills to work with all personality types in a dynamic environmentLI-BD1At Criteo, we dare to be different. We believe that diversity fuels innovation and creates an energy that can be seen and felt all over Criteo. We champion different perspectives and are committed to creating a workplace where all Criteos are heard and feel a sense of belonging.Criteo collects your personal data for the purposes of managing Criteo's recruitment related activities. Consequently, Criteo may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants. Your information will be accessible to the different Criteo entities across the world. By clicking the \"Apply\" button you expressly give your consent."
"2998160067"	"Senior Data Analyst"	"Dataminr"	2019-01-12	93	122	106	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=337462&s=58&guid=0000016858531a399558c8e71d312b89&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_ad582146&cb=1547670068728&jobListingId=2998160067"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	"Who we are: We are Dataminr. We deliver real-time, actionable alerts that are derived from vast amounts of publicly available information. Our clients are the first to know about high-impact events and critical breaking information, giving them the opportunity to act faster and stay one step ahead when every second counts. We are a mission-driven company committed to the power of real-time information as a force for good in the world.  Our groundbreaking AI and machine learning technology cuts through the noise in an increasingly complex landscape by detecting, classifying, and determining the significance of public information. Headquartered in NYC, Dataminr has revolutionized the way that global news, finance, public sector, corporate security and PR/communications professionals know and act on critical, relevant information to protect people, assets and brands.  Along the way, we've grown to over 450 talented employees across six global offices, raised over $570 million from leading venture and growth technology investors, and been referred to as the \"super tool of journalists and hedge funds.\" We've received numerous awards and accolades from our clients, including recognition from CNBC as one of the world's 50 most disruptive private technology companies in 2016 and joining Forbes' definitive list of the top 100 private cloud companies in the world, in 2017 and 2018.  A career at Dataminr offers the ability to make a meaningful impact at a rapidly growing tech company with a startup culture, while being supported by the experience of a company founded in 2009. We value ownership, curiosity and drive on an individual level and live these values every day. We empower everyone to have a voice at the table and regularly invest in professional development. Our culture promotes cross team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it enables us to do our best work and have fun. Who you are: You are a dedicated Data Analyst who is eager to study the use of social media in support of our technological developments. You are innovative and adaptable, with an ability to juggle multiple projects at one time. You have a high level of technical skill, but even more importantly have an analytical mindset and are excited to learn more about the programs and tools that make our Data Analysts a diverse and capable component of Dataminr. You will work hand-in-hand with domain experts, product managers, engineers, and other teams to solve challenging problems with your data analysis skills. Responsibilities:Guide the development of reports, dashboards, and metrics to monitor the performance of our internal productsDevelop core metrics and actionable KPIsEffectively translate statistical findings into actionable recommendations for senior leaders on domain expert, product, and engineering teams.Communicate complex ideas in a clear, precise, accessible way to domain expert, product, engineering, and data science teams.Required Skills & Experience:At least 3-5 years experience in Data Analytics3 years experience in PythonSuccess creating and implementing dashboardsLeveraging data to tell a storyDesired Skills & Experience:Experience in one or more object oriented programming language (Java, Scala or Python preferred), and ability to work on projects with minimal supportExcellent attention to detail, highly organized and process orientedExcellent verbal and written communication skills, and the ability to convey complex results to non-technical audiencesSelf-motivated with an ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environmentAbility to work both independently and collaboratively within a teamOur offering of competitive benefits and perks include:Company paid benefits for employees and their dependents, such as medical, dental, vision, disability and lifeFlexible spending account to be used for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses401(k) savings plan with company matchingGenerous leaveDaily catered lunchA kitchen fully stocked with snacks and beveragesDiscounted Gym MembershipDataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.#LI-ID"
"3087324416"	"Business Analyst"	"Digital Intelligence Systems, LLC"	2019-01-15	72	107	87	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=122&ao=454814&s=58&guid=0000016858532114a7425e410d95e09e&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_cb3ed193&cb=1547670070151&jobListingId=3087324416"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	" Job Title Business Analyst Location Jersey city, NJ Duration 10+ Months contract Job Description Principal Responsibilities The Area Liaison will be the single point of contact between the Cyber Recovery team and the various Enterprise Infrastructure (EI) and Application Development (AD) teams wersquoll be collecting and storing data for as part of the cyber resiliency program. They will be responsible for defining the overall approach and maintaining the relationship on an ongoing basis. - Set message and approach for collecting data - Act as a liaison and advocate for the various EI and AD teams - Identify and maintain relationships with subject matter experts (SMEs) as well as TeamAreaDomain leads - Manage communication between Cyber Engineering team and EiAD SMEs Experience 5-7 years of related experience Bachelor's degree preferred with Masters or equivalent experience Experience in Financial Services andor FinTech industry strongly preferred"
"2961406102"	"Manager Business Intelligence"	"Diverse Lynx"	2019-01-16	103	142	122	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=4120&s=58&guid=0000016858532114a7425e410d95e09e&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_81fb9d80&cb=1547670070151&jobListingId=2961406102"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	" You will perform comprehensive analysis to develop an in-depth understanding of business opportunities  You will work closely with our business stakeholders to inform their decision making with insights, identifying growth and engagement drivers and areas of opportunity  You will interpret results, conclude actionable recommendations and communicate them effectively to your business stakeholders  You will put yourself into the customer shoes, seeking to understand customer profiles and their needs in order to inform business initiatives Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Business, Economics or a related field  5+ years of relevant professional experience in an ecommerce, business intelligence or consulting environment  You are a highly analytical mind with a strong business understanding  You possess excellent communication skills (verbal and written), including the ability to effectively communicate with both technical and non-technical teams  You are a self-starter capable to taking initiative and working with minimal direction, and you enjoy working in a team of highly engaged individuals Preferred Qualifications: MBA preferred  Working understanding of SQL, BI software (Microstrategy, Tableau) as well as statistical packages (R, SAS, Python)  Experience in the field of digital analytics  Familiarity with data infrastructure and instrumentation Diverse Lynx LLC is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive due consideration for employment without any discrimination. All applicants will be evaluated solely on the basis of their ability, competence and their proven capability to perform the functions outlined in the corresponding role. We promote and support a diverse workforce across all levels in the company."
"3087810205"	"Director of Finance and Business Intelligence"	"Hearst"	2019-01-16	116	153	134	3.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=129&ao=186603&s=58&guid=0000016858532114a7425e410d95e09e&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_976f615c&cb=1547670070151&jobListingId=3087810205"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	"Position Description Director of Finance and Business Intelligence will be responsible for creating dashboards to analyze key KPI’s in the content distribution, consumer licensing and digital advertising/subscription/ecommerce verticals, monthly financial reporting and managing the long range strategic and financial plan. We are seeking a driven individual with a proven track record of scalable and innovative business intelligence and finance experience. In this role, you will analyze company performance across Sales, Product, Licensing, Entertainment; design and create intuitive yet scalable reports, dashboards and visualizations that business owners can rely on to drive business processes; and prepare trend analysis and reporting for senior management. Major Areas of ResponsibilityStrategic analysis: Lead, scope, structure and conduct analyses to generate insights that support business decision-making. Develop a robust planning process that drives and improves business planning, capital allocation, decision making and cost managementReporting / Dashboards: Aggregate, prepare and organize data from multiple disparate internal/external sources for key initiatives. Work with internal stakeholders to create, maintain and distribute performance dashboards for various company KPIsFinancial Analysis: Support senior management with financial, economic and strategic projects, including but not limited to: scenario-driven financials, business portfolio analyses, performance of content, competitor and industry benchmarking, and key advanced metrics (ROI, IRR, etc.)Gap Analysis: Surface, validate and address business problems using data-driven solutions, developing success metrics to measure continued performance against company expectationsAd Hoc Analysis: Perform ad hoc analysis to find solutions to business inquiries by leveraging data toolsets. Provide recommendations to the business by interpreting data and translating ad hoc requirements/requests to consistently deliver relevant and impactful resultsSales Analysis: Executive reporting of sales; sales achievement, pipeline health, campaign tracking and analysisData integrity: Monitor data source systems to ensure all updates are operating as intended; troubleshoot when needed by identifying flaws and errors in the data and any upstream data issuesCommunication: Generate and deliver strategic insights/recommendations to drive decision making related to business intelligence, leveraging data visualizationDevelop long-range business planning models for existing and new businesses  Utilize business priorities to develop appropriate annual revenue goals and expense targetsIdentify and execute analysis to improve margin/ROI on marketing, technology and content expensesSummarize complex data succinctly in a manner useful to senior leadership up to and including the C Level executivesDefine and align KPIs across multiple functional groups (digital, sales, licensing, marketing, product) and business objectives (acquisition, sales, engagement, retention)Collaborate and coordinate across the organization to build solutions that achieve business objectivesBring best practices in data architecture and data visualization to the tableRequirements of the Role:Excellent communication and presentation skills as well as an analytical mindsetStrong organizational skills & attention to detailPossess a desire to work for a fast-paced, results-based companyExcellent interpersonal skills. Ability to communicate and successfully work with senior operating and other finance executivesExceptional time management and organizational skillsGood leadership skills, a self-starter with a sense of urgencyExperience managing multiple projects simultaneouslyExceptional capacity in the process of data analysis (collating, cleaning, processing, exploring, modeling, and communicating)Very strong analytical and problem-solving skills with ability to make recommendations and real-time decisionsAbility to collaborate effectively and forge strong relationships with internal team members, business partners, and clientsAbility to navigate cross-section teams in order to complete multi-task projects under time demandsSuperior problem solving and project management skills, with the ability to proactively manage a variety of projects and timelinesRequired SkillsSuperior Microsoft Excel skills including detailed and automated modeling abilities, SQL a plusHands-on experience with reporting and data visualization tools such as Looker, TableauStrong knowledge and experience using SQL and BI platforms and analytics toolsStrong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, develop insights, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracyExperience with at least one statistical programming language: Python, R, SAS, Julia (Python Preferred)Strong analytical skills and the ability to turn unstructured problems into easily digestible analysis and conclusionsExperience in financial reporting and analytics for media company, including digital, subscription, content sales and advertising.Demonstrated ability to construct long-range P&L and cash flow models and perform DCF ROI analysesExperience with advertising-based business models, subscription based models, content sales especially in media, is highly desirableStrong working knowledge of the following is preferred, but not necessarily required: CRM & Marketing automation systems (e.g. Salesforce, Eloqua, Marketo, Braze/App Boy, Piano); Data analysis and visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, etc.); Web analytics (e.g., Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, Amplitude)Comfortable with data warehousing concepts, preparing data, and configuring automated workflowsRequired Education and ExperienceBachelor’s degree required. Preference for Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics, Statistics, Finance, Information Technology, Business Analytics or related fieldMBA preferredA minimum of seven to ten (7-10) years of experience in an analytical/finance role (media company experience preferred), management consulting or investment banking. 2-5 years of professional working experience in Business Intelligence and Analytics capacityExperience in presentations to C Level management and Board of DirectorsBudgeting, analytical, and strategic planning experience"
"2961324129"	"Data Analyst"	"HotelTonight"	2019-01-16	80	109	94	4.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=106&ao=85944&s=58&guid=0000016858531a399558c8e71d312b89&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_1b5be1b4&cb=1547670068728&jobListingId=2961324129"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	"HotelTonight makes it remarkably easy to book great hotels at amazing last-minute rates on your mobile device, for tonight, tomorrow and beyond. Our goal is to be the premier and most loved way to book a place to stay and we’re looking for a Data Analyst to help do just that.As a Data Analyst on the Data & Strategy team, you’ll be part of a team that is focused on just that - using data to drive strategy. You’ll work closely with functions across the company (Marketing, Customer Experience, Finance, Supply and Product), and own and lead projects from end-to-end. You’ll dive into complex datasets to analyze trends, identify opportunities and quantify the potential value of new initiatives.Check out this post to learn more about how the D&S team empowers the company to make smarter decisions based on data.WITHIN 1 MONTH, YOU WILLExecute basic analysis and take responsibility for a portion of the analytics roadmapFamiliarize yourself with HotelTonight data structure and tablesWrite SQL queries to extract data from the data warehouseBuild strong relationships with teams across the company to understand business objectives and opportunitiesWITHIN 3 MONTHS, YOU WILLEstablish a solid cadence for priorities and communicationQuickly deliver actionable insights and recommendations around key business questions to stakeholders and senior leadershipConceptualize and build tools and dashboards, enabling teams to access data and draw insights in a self-serve mannerWITHIN 12 MONTHS, YOU WILLProvide strategic, proactive recommendations and become a thought leader for your projectsOwn and lead projects across different functional areas and become familiar with how one function will impact othersWHAT YOU'LL NEED TO BE SUCCESSFUL IN THIS ROLE2+ years experience in applied analytics - you love data, gleaning insights from data, and making decisions based on dataAbility to extract, manipulate, and analyze data sets in SQL and understand basic statisticsExcellent communication and presentation skills - effectively presenting insights is as important as the insights themselvesAnalyze data to uncover new business and product opportunitiesExperience with advanced visualization tools like Tableau and prior Marketing/Finance analytics experience a plusWHAT YOU'LL GET FROM USAn official Best Places to Work (we're in the top 10!)The opportunity to define mobile commerce and change the way people book travelA people-focused organization dedicated to making sure you're challenged, learning, growing, and recognized for all the great work you doThe camaraderie of a driven, agile team that is building something disruptiveExcellent health, dental, vision and 401k plans, and stock options tooFun stuff - quarterly travel stipend, flexible time off, subsidized cell phone plans and fitness memberships, and the opportunity to spin the HT Roulette wheel to win a spontaneous weekend getaway!We are on a mission to radically transform hotel bookings. Doing this requires us to think differently and to question conventional approaches, therefore it’s essential to have a diverse team of the very best people with all types of backgrounds and experiences to bring the best ideas to life. We are committed to maintaining an environment where all of our team members have the opportunity to be heard, to make an impact and to do the best work of their lives."
"3088026781"	"Healthcare Strategy Consultant"	"Humana"	2019-01-16	88	144	113	3.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=111&ao=352789&s=58&guid=0000016858532114a7425e410d95e09e&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_c0ffaeee&cb=1547670070150&jobListingId=3088026781"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	" DescriptionThe Healthcare Strategy Consultant provides data-based strategic direction to identify and address business issues and opportunities. Provides business intelligence and strategic planning support for business segments or the company at large. Responsibilities Humana, a Fortune 100 Healthcare Company Humana is a publicly traded, Fortune 100 health benefits company with a long history of successful innovation and reinvention. It has transformed itself from the largest US nursing home company in the 60s, to the largest US hospital corporation in the 80s, to a leading health benefits company beginning in the 90s. Today, Humana is a leader in consumer-focused health solutions and is one of the largest health benefits organizations in the country. Role Overview: Healthcare Strategy Consultant The Healthcare Strategy team supports Humanas Retail business segment, which is comprised of the companys Medicare and Medicaid businesses. With over 9 million medical members and ~$45B in 2017 revenue, Retail is Humanas largest business segment, comprising over 80% of the companys total revenue and the majority of its earnings. Team members partner with the senior leaders of the Retail business segment, and more broadly with leaders throughout the enterprise, as they deliver strategy projects addressing some of the businesses most important opportunities and challenges. These high profile strategy projects place the small team at the forefront of helping to define the future of Humanas largest businesses. Humana is seeking a Consultant who will work with fellow team members to identify solutions and recommendations to high level strategic challenges prioritized by the Retail leadership team. Youll deconstruct issues and challenges, conduct targeted research and analysis, and craft sound, logical solutions and recommendations. Youll also help to identify implementation considerations for recommendations, and help to transition analysis into execution by business owners. While doing so, youll have the opportunity to collaborate with fellow team members, subject matter experts, members of Humanas executive Management Team, and corporate, functional, and business segment leaders. Recent projects include development of the annual Retail strategic plan, developing a 3-5 year growth strategy for Humanas largest and most important market, assessing the performance of strategic initiatives and business areas, and identifying improvement opportunities for a key business division.  Key responsibilities include: Managing analysis and/or work streams within high-profile, high-impact strategy projects Supporting interviews and working sessions with leaders within Retail and across the company Conducting industry, market, competitor, and financial analysis and identifying insights for Humana Creating high quality analysis and sections of deliverables that clearly frame objectives, issues, and challenges, and articulate insightful findings and recommendations Working collaboratively with fellow team members and leaders across the company Role Essentials Bachelors degree with a strong record of academic achievement 2+ years of full-time work experience in strategy consulting, investment banking, or corporate/ business unit strategy Strong problem solving skills and demonstrated ability to perform complex quantitative and qualitative analysis Strong record of leadership in a work setting and in extracurricular activities Excellent verbal and written communication abilities Highly collaborative, flexible, teamwork oriented working style Strong commitment to personal and professional growth Role Desirables Finance, accounting, engineering, business, or technical focused undergraduate major Managed care and/or healthcare services work experience Reporting Relationships The role reports to the Healthcare Strategy team leader and works closely with the entire strategy team Scheduled Weekly Hours40"
"2962458309"	"Data Governance Product Specialist"	"Informatica"	2019-01-16	89	134	110	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=163603&s=58&guid=0000016858532114a7425e410d95e09e&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_d77ecbd0&cb=1547670070150&jobListingId=2962458309"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	"Our Team Were a fast-paced, innovative group where youre empowered to be successful through selling Data Integration (SaaS) solutions. Our goal at Informatica Cloud is to build an organization of smart, ambitious Cloud Specialists, committed to our mission and focused on winning, and balanced with a respectful, healthy environment and lifestyle. At Informatica Cloud, integrity and reliability are as important as talent and effort.  This person will be a member of this elite group of Pre-Sales Specialist who are working across regions. Each member has a specific focus on one of Informaticas technologies such as Cloud solutions, Big Data, MDM, Data Security etc.  The Pre-sales specialist team plays a vital role not only with regard to revenue generation, but also with Informaticas reputation in the marketplace. Were the frontline evangelists, the direct line to our customers. Backed by the strength of the Informatica brand we act as trusted advisors to solve our customers data problems. This trust is due to the quality products we offer and the knowledge that we can confidently stand behind them with an award winning global support team of data integration experts that are dedicated to our customers success.  Your Opportunity Informatica Cloud PaaS has been adopted at a phenomenal pace. Our leading cloud data integration ecosystem is fundamentally changing the industry. In this role you work with the most advanced and comprehensive customer data integration requirements, a bleeding edge engineering team, and the breadth of technical talent at Informatica. You'll be in the vortex of the cloud storm transforming industry. You'll live \"Innovator's Dilemma\" firsthand. Our Ideal Candidate Youre technically proficient and have the patience and passion to guide customers and stakeholders through all the capabilities of our products and solutions. Whether its an initial product evaluation, product demos, or addressing technical pain points, youre willing to take the time to provide deep explanations and find solutions where needed. You find a collaborative work environment rewarding yet are equally adept at and content working independently. As an influential and effective teacher, you are eager to share your knowledge and best practices and to develop and sustain an open line of communication with your supervisor and teammates. If your team members or customers are in remote locations, you are comfortable with travel in order to engage face-to-face. In addition, you have the following attributes: An ability to rapidly understand and translate clients business challenges and concerns into a solution oriented discussion.Persuasive communication skills for presenting to all customer levels, from CTOs/CIOs, to engineering managers and programmers.Resourcefulness, creativity and strategic thinking for troubleshooting problems.Essential Duties & ResponsibilitiesContributes to the knowledge base of subject matter material for your area of expertise and provides feedback for enhancements and future market opportunities to fill product issues and gaps or extend competitive advantage.Actively participates in alpha & beta testing cycles and maintains level of expertise in technical focus area, solution or domain.Works to ensure technical wins during sales cycles by performing technical qualification of opportunities where regional teams lack resource on the subject matter, architect solutions from customer requirements, performing solution demonstrations & other proof points, and proving Informaticas technical capabilities in order to reinforce the value proposition driven by the account team.Timely documentation within CRM / Marketing software, as applicable, of customer contact and activity data is required of this role (e.g. names, titles, contact information, opportunity value, product information, sales stages, probability, business pain, firm-future commitments, etc.)Actively participates in obtaining \"technical closure\" when the product specialist team is responsible for leading an opportunity.Providing the interface between the field presales and other technology functions within Informatica for product direction and feedback.Advises on competitive stance and creates counter strategies to competitive threats in accounts (identify, evaluate their influence and positioning eg. SWOT analysis strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats).Creates competitive analysis, keeps up-to-date with industry thinking and product space, promotes integrated solutions, and assists in development of cross-products solutions and promotes cross-product initiatives.Contributes and maintains the knowledge-base of commonly used demos, presentations, best practices and FAQ's and provides subject matter material to support the broader presales team.Provides enablement and mentorship to the broader presales communityKnowledge & SkillsHolds expert-level experience and uses professional concepts and company objectives to resolve complex issues in creative and effectvie ways.Deep industry knowledge and understanding of a customers decision-making process, goals, strategies, and business objectives.Expert-level presentation, customer service, financial/business acumen, and negotiation skills at all levels of customer engagement.Complete, big-picture understanding of the business and technical contexts of key accounts.Driven, self-starter who exudes leadership on account set and compels others to get on board.Fully adept at consultative effectiveness and establishing trust with internal and external customers.Advanced technical knowledge of hybrid deployment of software solutions, Data Warehousing, Database, and/or Business Intelligence software concepts and products.Strong understanding in Data Integration (on-premise and/or cloud based)Strong background in Service Oriented Architecture (SOA).Experience with Web Services based APIs, REST, etc.Knowledge and experience with Cloud applications including Salesforce.com, NetSuite, Microsoft Dynamics CRM Live, or others.Ability to develop sample integrations for PoC purposes as required by the client.Programming experience in Java, C, C++, or .NET.Understanding of messaging-middleware technologies, including IBM MQ, TIBCO, WebMethods, etc.Experience with Salesforce.com and Apex coding.Education & ExperienceBA/BS or equivalent educational background is preferred.Minimum 8+ years of relevant professional experience."
"3085625587"	"Wealth Management, Business Intelligence Client Analytics:..."	"JPMorgan Chase"	2019-01-12	90	138	113	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=182759&s=58&guid=0000016858532114a7425e410d95e09e&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_7e94d14a&cb=1547670070150&jobListingId=3085625587"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	" SunIRef:Sales:title  Wealth Management, Business Intelligence & Client Analytics: Marketing and Sales Enablement, Vice President - New York, NY 10017 - **********  Find Jobs  Company Reviews  Find Salaries  Find Resumes  Employers / Post Job  Upload your resume  Sign in  Home  whatjob title, keywords, or company  wherecity, state, or zip code  Find Jobs  Advanced Job Search  Wealth Management, Business Intelligence & Client Analytics: Marketing and Sales Enablement, Vice President  JP Morgan Chase  21,642 reviews New York, NY 10017 JP Morgan Chase  21,642 reviews  Read what people are saying about working here.  Asset and Wealth Management  J.P. Morgan is a global leader in asset and wealth management services. The Asset & Wealth Management line of business serves institutional, ultra high net worth, high net worth and individual clients through its Asset Management and Wealth Management businesses. With client assets of $2.8 trillion and assets under management of $2.0 trillion, we are one of the largest asset and wealth managers in the world. (Assets as of June 30, 2018.)  Throughout its long and distinguished history, Asset & Wealth Management has been steadfastly committed to putting its clients' interests first. This fiduciary responsibility defines our relationship with clients and informs every decision we make on their behalf. The Asset & Wealth Management business is also guided by its strategic objective and business priorities.  Wealth Management  J.P. Morgan offers expertise across wealth management disciplines to help clients advance towards their goals. By consistently keeping our clients informed, focusing on risk-adjusted returns and rapidly adjusting to tactical opportunities and risks, we stand by our clients through market cycles. J.P. Morgan's wealth management and solutions are provided through the Private Bank and J.P. Morgan Securities Corporation.  Provides an exceptional breadth and depth of wealth management solutions, including investing, wealth structuring, capital advisory, philanthropy and banking  More than a century of experience helping the world's wealthiest individuals and their families grow, manage and sustain their wealth to ultimately leave a lasting legacy  Bank products and services are offered through JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its affiliates. Securities are offered by J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., member FINRA, NYSE and SIPC. J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. is an affiliate of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  J.P. Morgan Private Bank is the marketing name for the private banking business conducted by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries worldwide.  Summary of Responsibilities  The Wealth Management Global Business Intelligence team is focused on using data to identify and optimize sales productivity and business development efforts and drive development of marketing strategies. The team oversees the entire lifecycle from acquisition to analytics to delivery of increased ROI, new business and sales growth.  As part of this broader group, the Business Intelligence & Client Analytics team's mission is to partner with the Wealth Management business (U.S. and International Private Bank, JPMS) to shape distribution strategies through data-driven insights, and to embed these analytical processes into the organization's decision-making framework to continually improve and evolve the insights delivered to the business. The team works closely with sales management, advisors and the marketing team to drive these strategies and foster change management. Qualifications: We are looking for a multi-talented, high-energy individual that will work closely with the business to deliver high value and high impact analytics to help shape strategy to drive sales activities and marketing strategies. The ideal candidate will have the following skills/competencies:  5+ years experience working with large consumer datasets and third party data sources  Extensive experience manipulating, exploring, analyzing, and visualizing data in Python, R, or SAS  Proficiency in SQL and ability to write complex queries and pull data from various sources (flat file, Teradata, Greenplum, Hadoop)  Experience using data visualization tools (Tableau, Qlikview, Javascript) and the ability to clearly communicate the results of complex analysis to business partners  Very high proficiency with MS Project, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, and/or other common project and business communication software  Resiliency and perseverance to solve data and analytical obstacles  Detail oriented to ensure data is clean and work is precise  Experience in list targeting and running suppressions.  Experience in outlining data and analytics that will yield impactful results  Previous experience using data visualization tools to present complex data to business partners  Excellent presentation skills and experience presenting to senior management teams  Familiarity and comfort with CRM systems  Experience building dashboards of key performance indicators and MIS to measure business, sales and marketing impacts  Strong project management/delivery skills  Previous experience in financial services industry and/or wealth management a plus  Strong time management and organizational skills to manage multiple priorities  Ability to adapt to shifting priorities and timelines by utilizing problem-solving skills  Proactive attitude in managing stakeholder satisfaction to position and secure customer success  Education: Bachelors degree in mathematics or statistics preferred  JPMorgan Chase - 5 hours ago - report job - original job  On Company Site  Save this job"
"3064400940"	"Senior Business Data Analyst"	"LendKey"	2019-01-16	94	139	112	3.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=127&ao=14295&s=58&guid=0000016858531a399558c8e71d312b89&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_c056c52e&cb=1547670068729&jobListingId=3064400940"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	" LendKey is solving a complex challenge—to improve lives with lending made simple—by helping financial institutions compete in the digital age and provide a delightful customer experience, while providing borrowers with the simple, transparent, digital borrowing experience they have come to expect and desire. LendKey works with hundreds of credit unions and banks to conduct their education and home improvement loan programs.  We are seeking a candidate for a high-profile, vital role within the organization. This person will be responsible for performing analytics and reporting and delivering information both internally and externally between LendKey and its clients (lenders). We are looking for this person to be an analytical problem solver, quick learner, and comfortable with SQL & other BI technologies. What you’ll do:Analyze monthly portfolio and prepare performance reportsMaintain data integrity between internal and external reporting systemsBuildout of KPI dashboards via business intelligence softwareAudit and reconcile financial reports for our lending clientsDevelop financial reports for forecasting, trending and results analysisPresent coherent analysis to management and thus help inform value-driven solutionsSupport various teams within the organization (marketing, sales, finance, management) by creating reports related to various aspects of consumer lendingAssist internal teams with ad hoc queries and auditsAble to multitask and change priorities with short noticeRequirementsWhat we’re looking for:Culture Fit:Strong desire to work for a mission-based organization that emphasizes the importance of providing exceptional customer service and aligned with our core values: Truthful at all times; Helpful to teammates, clients, and customers; Present, committed & engaged to their teams and work; Driven to be courageous to make an impact; and Diligent & conscientious in executing every element of work.Background & Skills:Bachelor’s degree required (Finance, Accounting or Business Intelligence degree is a plus)3+ years of related experience, lending industry a plusStrong excel skillsProficient in SQLExperience with business intelligence software – Power BI a plusFamiliarity with python and/or RSelf-motivated, energetic, analytical and professionalAdvanced problem-solving skillsExcellent communication skills and patience"
"3086653978"	"Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Morgan Stanley"	2019-01-15	78	106	89	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=134550&s=58&guid=0000016858532114a7425e410d95e09e&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_a8185737&cb=1547670070150&jobListingId=3086653978"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	" Company Profile  Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management and wealth management services. The firm's employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments and individuals from more than 1,200 offices in 43 countries.  As a market leader, the talent and passion of our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic. Morgan Stanley can provide a superior foundation for building a professional career -- a place for people to learn, to achieve and grow. A philosophy that balances personal lifestyles, perspectives and needs is an important part of our culture.  Department Profile  Corporate Services provides a robust portfolio of global services utilized daily across the firm to enable productivity, efficiency, safety, optimized business models and an enhanced employee experience in the workplace. We have over 5,000 staff managing a multi-billion dollar scope of services including Real Estate and Location Strategy; Real Estate Portfolio and Transaction Management; Property Management; Corporate Travel; Corporate Security & Investigations; Corporate Information Management; and Regional Client Services; and Office of the COO.  The Business Intelligence Analyst will support the development of the Global BI Data & Analytics platform within the Morgan Stanley’s Real Estate and Location Strategy group. They will work directly with subject matter experts (SMEs) to develop and maintain dashboard reporting and business analytics. They will assist in the development of dashboard modules within the BI tool kit that provides end users with relevant metrics and analytics to manage the corporate real estate portfolio. In addition to technical responsibilities, the ability to work on a team, in a highly collaborative environment is required. The ability to communicate with stakeholders is also required. An understanding of corporate real estate is preferred.  Analytical/Data Management Skills: Ability to analyze data, determine trends and develop metricsDesign, develop and implement Business Intelligence (BI) solutions under the direction of the BI ManagerExtract data from databases and data warehousesStandardize data collection by developing methods for database design and validation reportsCreate QA test cases/test steps to ensure data integrity across all performance-based metrics and quality assurance of BI outputWork with end users to ensure user acceptance testing and a complete delivery of reporting/analysis solutionStatistical knowledge and/or Six Sigma expertiseWork with IT to identify and import new data into the Corporate Services’ data warehouseBuild prototypes for demonstration and illustration purposes for peer groups and partnersCollaborate with others regarding data/table structures to optimize Tableau Dashboards and other self-service needsImprove current processes and develop efficiencies by applying best practicesAbility to meet deadlines, prioritize work and handle multiple tasksAbility to work independently as well as in a team environment  Technical Skills:Highly skilled in developing Tableau dashboardsVBA programming, PIVOT table development, and in-depth knowledge of EXCEL functions and formulasProficient in the use of Structured Query Language (SQL), BOXI, and other reporting toolsStrong PC skills, particularly spreadsheet (Excel) and presentation (PowerPoint) expertise  Communication Skills:Build, document, and communicate user requirementsInterpret and communicate information for consumption by a non-technical audienceClearly communicate and drive discussions on data structure with business and technology partnersDocument and communicate technical specifications to ensure database queries and final deliverables are understoodEffective written and verbal communication skills"
"3064527372"	"Client Services Analyst-Capital Markets"	"Nasdaq"	2019-01-16	108	178	136	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=208538&s=58&guid=0000016858531a399558c8e71d312b89&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_62481e2d&cb=1547670068729&jobListingId=3064527372"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	" Responsible for gathering relevant ownership data and disclosure information from various custodian banks, financial institutions and other data sources. Primary point of contact for customers’ investor relations or other relevant area to help them understand the composition of their shareholder base delivering quality, accurate and timely shareholder analysis reports and insights on the financial markets while meeting client deadlines. May create leads and assist sales managers to manage consulting sales and/or pre-sales. Establishes effective long-term relationships and high level of satisfaction with key senior-level decision makers at assigned group of customer accounts. Provides external clients with objective strategic advisory services to improve organizational performance and long-term competitiveness. Creates demand for the organization's products and services by raising their profile with customers. Conducts regular status and strategy meetings with clients to understand their needs and link them to the organization's product/service strategies. Engages in thought leadership and provides input into product development/quality improvement. Support BU Objectives of retention, revenue growth, operational excellence and driving greater efficiencies.Conduct research, analyze and interpret data from multiple sources, to identify accurate shareholder positions and peer performance to deliver shareholder analysis and commentary.  · Summarizes key movements and trends in the shareholder base.  · Pro-actively engage in regular client outreach providing sector development updates.  · Improve understanding of client's Investor Relations workflow to ensure service is aligned with their needs.  · Prepare materials and engage in client meetings to develop relationships and support retention of client base.  · Work closely with key stakeholders to retain client base.  · Engage with global colleagues to share knowledge across geographic teams.  · Provides external clients with advisory services to improve organizational performance and long-term competitiveness. Education Required: Business, Finance or Economics DegreeExperience Required: at least 1 yearSpecial Qualifications: Proficiency in MS Office Tools – MS Outlook, Excel, MS Word, Adobe ProNasdaq is an equal opportunity employer. We positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of age, color, disability, national origin, ancestry, race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, veteran status, genetic information or any other status protected by applicable law."
"3064527371"	"Lead Business Analyst"	"Nasdaq"	2019-01-16	92	145	117	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=208538&s=58&guid=0000016858532114a7425e410d95e09e&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_78a661f1&cb=1547670070150&jobListingId=3064527371"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	" An exciting opportunity exists for a proven senior business analyst to join a dynamic professional services team with focus on implementing our leading GRC solutions. The BWise software application is the cornerstone of Nasdaq's GRC technology portfolio offering a wide range of GRC functional capabilities for risk management, internal audit, internal control, information security and regulatory compliance.  As a Lead Business Analyst you will have to understand business issues and drivers in the GRC industry and have thorough understanding of the BWise software. Primary responsibilities will be to lead design sessions with clients, document business/functional design for the BWise software and align these with an implementation plan which solves the business issues of the client. The BA should be able to communicate with members from all levels of the customer’s organization including C-Level executives, directors, managers, and analysts. The lead BA works closely with the project manager to define the software implementation approach and provides quality assurance for the product analysts who will be implementing the software.Responsibilities include:Support management in scoping, executing and delivering a variety of GRC software implementation projectsCollect customer requirements and translate them into a design;Draft the business and functional design for the Nasdaq BWise solution which solves the business needs of the client;Develop estimates used for Statements of Work for both new and existing customers;Conduct demonstrations of the Nasdaq BWise software on a functional level;Build and maintain strong client relationships and provide clients GRC solution expertise;Lead the design phase of the project and provide oversight during the software configuration, testing, and deployment phases when required;Provide input into project schedule, risks, scope of work and budget;Ensure that the product analysts and subcontractors have a clear understanding of client requirements.Skills and requirements:Experience in deploying technology solutions to address challenges and grow organizational capabilitiesBackground in business requirements gathering and analysis with an ability to communicate the information to both technical and non-technical professionals.Experience with the assessment, design or implementation of risk management, internal audit, internal control, information security and/or compliance programs.Knowledge of principles of GRC concepts and risk management or control frameworks (e.g. COSO, ISO, COBIT, OCEG, etc.) and familiarity with regulatory compliance models (i.e. SOX, HIPAA, etc.). Hardworking, with exceptional presentation and communications skillsEducation, Professional Accomplishments and CertificationsEducation Required: Degree qualified in Computer Science, Business/Finance or related discipline, or equivalent work experience. Post graduate degree in a related discipline.Experience Required: At least 10 years.Minimum 5 years of work experience in the GRC industry with solid understanding of and/or implementation experience with enterprise GRC software solutions. Industry related certification(s) preferred.Tools & Systems: GRC applications, MS Office, Visio, and an understanding of Business Intelligence Reporting (SAP Business Objects), is a plus.Travel Whilst Nasdaq BWise is respectful of our employees’ work / life balance candidates should be fully prepared to travel to customer locations throughout the United States with occasional international travel. Nasdaq is an equal opportunity employer. We positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of age, color, disability, national origin, ancestry, race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, veteran status, genetic information or any other status protected by applicable law."
"3030645861"	"Senior Systems Ops Analyst"	"Nasdaq"	2019-01-15	86	116	100	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=129&ao=208538&s=58&guid=0000016858531a399558c8e71d312b89&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_e3a74821&cb=1547670068729&jobListingId=3030645861"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	" Responsible for Daily Technical Operations including Application Management and Support for all Nasdaq provided services. This includes 24/7 Technical Operations and Application Support, managing Incidents for both internal and external customers, installing application updates and maintaining operational documentation and procedures. Performs real-time monitoring of systems for software/hardware errors, failures and capacity issues; troubleshoot, diagnose and escalate to senior associates.Follows procedures for startup and shutdown of core systems, recovery procedures, scheduling, backups, and monitors batch processes.Troubleshoots order entry and market data connectivity issues with clients, exchanges, market centers, and network providers.Reviews system capabilities, department workflow, and scheduling requirements.Configures, installs, maintains and upgrades computer systems hardware and software.Administers and maintains security of operating systems.Performs recovery procedures, scheduling and backups, and monitors batch processes.Performs and maintains security of operation systems.Education Required: Degree qualified in Computer Science, Information Systems or other related discipline or equivalent work experience in Data Center, Trading, Computer, or Network Operations.Experience Required: At least 3 years.Special Qualifications: Certifications relevant for the role are meritorious.Nasdaq is an equal opportunity employer. We positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of age, color, disability, national origin, ancestry, race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, veteran status, genetic information or any other status protected by applicable law."
"3087798507"	"Director of Finance and Business Intelligence"	"Rodale"	2019-01-16	154	202	176	3.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=120&ao=186603&s=58&guid=0000016858532114a7425e410d95e09e&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_5af939cf&cb=1547670070151&jobListingId=3087798507"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	"Position Description Director of Finance and Business Intelligence will be responsible for creating dashboards to analyze key KPI’s in the content distribution, consumer licensing and digital advertising/subscription/ecommerce verticals, monthly financial reporting and managing the long range strategic and financial plan. We are seeking a driven individual with a proven track record of scalable and innovative business intelligence and finance experience. In this role, you will analyze company performance across Sales, Product, Licensing, Entertainment; design and create intuitive yet scalable reports, dashboards and visualizations that business owners can rely on to drive business processes; and prepare trend analysis and reporting for senior management. Major Areas of ResponsibilityStrategic analysis: Lead, scope, structure and conduct analyses to generate insights that support business decision-making. Develop a robust planning process that drives and improves business planning, capital allocation, decision making and cost managementReporting / Dashboards: Aggregate, prepare and organize data from multiple disparate internal/external sources for key initiatives. Work with internal stakeholders to create, maintain and distribute performance dashboards for various company KPIsFinancial Analysis: Support senior management with financial, economic and strategic projects, including but not limited to: scenario-driven financials, business portfolio analyses, performance of content, competitor and industry benchmarking, and key advanced metrics (ROI, IRR, etc.)Gap Analysis: Surface, validate and address business problems using data-driven solutions, developing success metrics to measure continued performance against company expectationsAd Hoc Analysis: Perform ad hoc analysis to find solutions to business inquiries by leveraging data toolsets. Provide recommendations to the business by interpreting data and translating ad hoc requirements/requests to consistently deliver relevant and impactful resultsSales Analysis: Executive reporting of sales; sales achievement, pipeline health, campaign tracking and analysisData integrity: Monitor data source systems to ensure all updates are operating as intended; troubleshoot when needed by identifying flaws and errors in the data and any upstream data issuesCommunication: Generate and deliver strategic insights/recommendations to drive decision making related to business intelligence, leveraging data visualizationDevelop long-range business planning models for existing and new businesses  Utilize business priorities to develop appropriate annual revenue goals and expense targetsIdentify and execute analysis to improve margin/ROI on marketing, technology and content expensesSummarize complex data succinctly in a manner useful to senior leadership up to and including the C Level executivesDefine and align KPIs across multiple functional groups (digital, sales, licensing, marketing, product) and business objectives (acquisition, sales, engagement, retention)Collaborate and coordinate across the organization to build solutions that achieve business objectivesBring best practices in data architecture and data visualization to the tableRequirements of the Role:Excellent communication and presentation skills as well as an analytical mindsetStrong organizational skills & attention to detailPossess a desire to work for a fast-paced, results-based companyExcellent interpersonal skills. Ability to communicate and successfully work with senior operating and other finance executivesExceptional time management and organizational skillsGood leadership skills, a self-starter with a sense of urgencyExperience managing multiple projects simultaneouslyExceptional capacity in the process of data analysis (collating, cleaning, processing, exploring, modeling, and communicating)Very strong analytical and problem-solving skills with ability to make recommendations and real-time decisionsAbility to collaborate effectively and forge strong relationships with internal team members, business partners, and clientsAbility to navigate cross-section teams in order to complete multi-task projects under time demandsSuperior problem solving and project management skills, with the ability to proactively manage a variety of projects and timelinesRequired SkillsSuperior Microsoft Excel skills including detailed and automated modeling abilities, SQL a plusHands-on experience with reporting and data visualization tools such as Looker, TableauStrong knowledge and experience using SQL and BI platforms and analytics toolsStrong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, develop insights, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracyExperience with at least one statistical programming language: Python, R, SAS, Julia (Python Preferred)Strong analytical skills and the ability to turn unstructured problems into easily digestible analysis and conclusionsExperience in financial reporting and analytics for media company, including digital, subscription, content sales and advertising.Demonstrated ability to construct long-range P&L and cash flow models and perform DCF ROI analysesExperience with advertising-based business models, subscription based models, content sales especially in media, is highly desirableStrong working knowledge of the following is preferred, but not necessarily required: CRM & Marketing automation systems (e.g. Salesforce, Eloqua, Marketo, Braze/App Boy, Piano); Data analysis and visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, etc.); Web analytics (e.g., Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, Amplitude)Comfortable with data warehousing concepts, preparing data, and configuring automated workflowsRequired Education and ExperienceBachelor’s degree required. Preference for Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics, Statistics, Finance, Information Technology, Business Analytics or related fieldMBA preferredA minimum of seven to ten (7-10) years of experience in an analytical/finance role (media company experience preferred), management consulting or investment banking. 2-5 years of professional working experience in Business Intelligence and Analytics capacityExperience in presentations to C Level management and Board of DirectorsBudgeting, analytical, and strategic planning experience"
"2498217759"	"Data Analyst"	"SeatGeek"	2019-01-15	75	104	89	4.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=4120&s=58&guid=0000016858531a399558c8e71d312b89&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_06c205d2&cb=1547670068728&jobListingId=2498217759"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	"Data-driven decision making has always been important at SeatGeek. Our Analytics team helps drive strategic decision-making by providing meaningful business insights from data. We’re looking for a Data Analyst to join our growing team who can ensure the most relevant information is surfaced to each team to allow for well informed decisions. If you’re a well-rounded, business-savvy, technically capable analyst with SQL chops and a knack for figuring out complex systems fast, we’d love to talk with you.Who you are You love digging through mounds of data, but your understanding of what is relevant and your ability to communicate results in a concise way separates you from the pack. You look forward to open discussions around the “gray” area of business decisions, but aim to narrow that area with data driven insights as much as possible. You take pride in proactively providing data, analysis and findings in a collaborative manner. You also have many of the following: 2 to 4 years of relevant experience analyzing large and complex data sets, working with relational databases and writing SQLa degree in Mathematics, Economics, Statistics or another quantitative fieldadvanced working knowledge of SQL, perhaps with a side of Python or Ra keen sense of design, both in data architecture and dashboard presentation.knowledge of the transactional marketplace business model or consumer facing e-commerce products (bonus for mobile-first!)What you’ll dohelp drive strategic decision-making through detailed analysis, insights and reporting on key performance indicators (KPIs) and financial resultsinvestigate positive and negative trends in a wide array of business processescollaborate with departments across the company to understand needs while effectively prioritizing incoming requestswork with engineers and other source data experts to clean up messy data setscontinually improve visibility into benchmarks across the companycreate and maintain world class dashboards and data models in our BI platform, Looker Job Perks A culture that places the product first. We are a technology company at heart, and are proud of the idea that great technology drives great user experienceA laid-back, fun workplace designed to facilitate collaboration and company wide events$120/mo to spend on tickets to live eventsA superb benefits package, including full health/dental/visionA focus on transparency. We have regular team lunches and Q&A panels where employees can chat openly with teams across SeatGeek, our co-founders, and external guests from the industryHackathons: scheduled times when everyone drops what they’re doing and builds cool stuff in small groups Come Join Us!SeatGeek is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment regardless of race, color, religion, creed, age, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, military or veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law. As an equal opportunities employer, we recognize that diversity is a positive attribute and we welcome the differences and benefits that a diverse culture brings."
"2688986884"	"Data Engineer"	"SeatGeek"	2019-01-15	119	136	127	4.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=118&ao=358317&s=58&guid=0000016858532114a7425e410d95e09e&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_4e1bc372&cb=1547670070150&jobListingId=2688986884"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	" SeatGeek operates a unique business model in a complicated, opaque market. The questions we seek answers to are often not simple or clear, and the data we rely on is complex. Even the simple questions depend on careful curation of the underlying data. That's where Data Engineers come in.  Data engineers are members of SeatGeek's data science team. As a team, we share common views on experimental rigor, pragmatism, and software quality. Data engineers focus on maintaining and expanding our ecosystem of data pipelines. These pipelines provide the basis for many crucial downstream processes: complex analyses, data products, and business performance measurement. What You'll DoInvestigate and prototype different task dependency frameworks to understand the most appropriate design for a given use caseCollaborate closely with our marketing team to understand and accurately integrate marketing and application data sources into new tables for measuring customer acquisitionBuild data warehouse monitoring tools on data usage patterns to identify inefficient query behavior or candidates for archivalBuild a new stream ingestion process to efficiently send and store currently live listings as users see themSpearhead the design of the core data vocabulary used for analyzing user activity, and enforce consistency across both data producers and consumersWhat We're Looking For The ideal candidate can relay complex concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences, enjoys partnering with both business users and application developers, and has a proven ability to build systems that allow greater clarity, consistency, and efficiency in utilizing data. Experience with specific tools is less important than aptitude and drive, but at a minimum, we would expect: 3-5 years experience developing on and maintaining ETL systems, and a high level understanding of different data processing systemsExperience working cross-functionally with different business units to translate business problems into data problems and solve themComfort turning ideas into code (bonus points for experience with Python or Scala)Proficiency with analytical and operational SQL queries, and knowledge of how to optimize and troubleshoot Bonus points for candidates who have experience with or desire to learn any of the following: Streaming data/message queues (Reactive Extensions, Spark Streaming, Akka-streams, Kafka, RabbitMQ)AWS infrastructure (we use Redshift, S3, EMR, Kinesis, Lambda, and RDS)Dimensional modeling, especially in e-commerce or consumer techDatabase internals and tuning, trade-offs and benefits of different datastores (both analytical and transactional)Optimization of complex data workflows that reconcile batch and streaming dataDependency management at scale across multiple classes of data sourceThe Tools We Use You absolutelydo not need experience with all of these, but we thought you might be curious. Tools can be learned, so we care much more about your general engineering skill than knowledge of a particular language. Languages: Scala and Python for general purpose development, R for analysis and prototypingFrameworks: luigi and Airflow for dependency management, Spark on EMR for map/reduceStreaming: Spark Streaming, Kinesis (+Firehose), RabbitMQDatastores: MySQL and Postgres in production, Redshift and S3Other: AWS Lambda, Git, dbtPerks:A competitive base salary and equity stake in a well-funded growth stage companyA laid-back, fun workplace designed to facilitate collaboration and company wide events$120/mo to spend on live events ticketsA superb benefits package that supports health/dental/visionA focus on transparency. We have regular team lunches and Q&A panels where employees can chat openly with teams across SeatGeek, our co-founders, and external guests from the industryAnnual subscriptions to Citibike, Spotify, and meditation services Come Join Us!SeatGeek is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment regardless of race, color, religion, creed, age, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, military or veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law. As an equal opportunities employer, we recognize that diversity is a positive attribute and we welcome the differences and benefits that a diverse culture brings."
"2908422348"	"Data Engineer - Legal & Licensing"	"Spotify"	2019-01-10	140	160	149	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=126&ao=348095&s=58&guid=0000016858532114a7425e410d95e09e&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_cd303b28&cb=1547670070151&jobListingId=2908422348"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	" We are looking for a very motivated data engineer to build the framework of data reporting and analysis for our licensing partners - Labels and Publishers. This is a great opportunity for a data engineer that has worked on the back end of things to gain more business context by working closer to the partners and business. What you'll do:Design, build and maintain a “licensing specific” data infrastructure, which captures all data points needed by the licensing external partners and by the internal licensing teamDesign, build and maintain the standard reporting for licensing external partners (major labels and publishers). For examples: top charts, free trial conversion, market share, top search, active users etcPartner with licensing data scientists to drive business insights on labels and publishersPartner with licensing data scientists and the broader licensing team to drive partners business reviewsDesign, build and maintain ad-hoc solutions and data pipeline to gather relevant data across the sprawling data infrastructure of SpotifyBecome the center of excellence for data collection, data taxonomy and data filtering specific to licensing partners.Drive automation of standard reporting and distribution wherever possible. Who you are: You are self-driven and have a good understanding of the business and communicate well with non-data colleagues.You are interested in being the glue between engineering and analysis and feel comfortable working in a business oriented team.You are Innovative and able to come up with new solutions to very tricky problemsYou are passionate about crafting clean code and have a steady foundation in codingYou know Scala and Python languageYou have experience in developing/building data pipelines (batch or streaming)You are familiar with ETL (extract, transform and load)Tools and infrastructure such as GCP (google cloud platform) is a plus, as well as familiarity with Amazon or Azure cloud.At least 2-3 years of relevant experience, i.e. software engineering working with data analysis, data modeling, data processing as well as Great role if you're interested in making a change!  Questions? or Interested in Learning more? Contact Andrea Silvestrini @asilvestrini@Spotify.com"
"2765919836"	"Senior Data Engineer"	"ThoughtWorks"	2019-01-16	134	152	141	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=128&ao=98222&s=58&guid=0000016858532114a7425e410d95e09e&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_ff3f07ea&cb=1547670070151&jobListingId=2765919836"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	"As a Senior Data Engineer, here's what we'll be looking for you to bring:Hands-on Engineering LeadershipProven track record of Innovation and expertise in Data EngineeringTenure in coding, architecting and delivering complex projectsDeep understanding and application of modern data processing technology stacks. For example Spark, Hadoop ecosystem technologies, and othersDeep understanding of NoSQL technologies including column family, graph, document, and key-value data storage technologiesDeep understanding of relational database technologies and database development techniquesUnderstanding of how to architect solutions for data science and analyticsData management for reporting and BI experience is a plusUnderstanding of \"Agility\", including core values, guiding principles, and key agile practicesUnderstanding of the theory and application of Continuous Integration/DeliveryPassion for software craftmanshipA rich breadth of industry experience and background working across different organizations, ranging in size, from start-ups to large corporations..Strong stakeholder management and interaction experience at different levelsAny experience building and leading an offshore/outsourcing function would be highly beneficial.There's no typical day or engagement for our Senior Engineers. Here's what you'll do:Be the SME. Develop Big Data architectural approach to meet key business objectives and provide end to end development solutionYou might spend a few weeks with a new client on a deep technical review or a complete organizational review, helping them to understand the potential that Big Data has to solve their most pressing problems.On other projects, you might be acting as the architect, leading the design of technical solutions, or perhaps overseeing a program inception to build a new product.It could be much more about getting stuck into a delivery project where you're equally happy coding and tech leading the team to implement the solution.Whatever your role, the team always look to draw on your experience when things get tough and you often handle the difficult client conversations allowing the team to continue delivering without undue pressure.You have great relationships with our new business team and work collaboratively to support pre-sales, meet prospective clients and ultimately influence and shape our portfolio of work.You recognize that building your network with a client is absolutely key to enable you to perform in your role. You'll be drawing on all of your passion for technology, hands-on experience and knowledge of latest Big Data and Engineering best practices to help you gain the respect and credibility of those around you.Regardless of what you do at ThoughtWorks, you'll always have the opportunity to:Think through hard problems, and work with a team to make them reality.Learn something new every day.Work in a dynamic, collaborative, transparent, non-hierarchal, and ego-free culture where your talent is valued over a role titleTravel the world.Speak at conferences.Write blogs and books.Develop your career outside of the confinements of a traditional career path by focusing on what you're passionate about rather than a predetermined one-size-fits-all planBe part of a company with Social and Economic Justice at the heart of its mission.Not quite ready to apply? Or maybe this isn't the right role for you?That's OK, you can stay in touch with AccessThoughtWorks, our learning community (tick 'contact me about recruitment opportunities' to hear about jobs in the future).  #LI-NA"
"3031127712"	"Data Discovery Operations Analyst"	"Two Sigma"	2019-01-15	93	125	108	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=124&ao=413086&s=58&guid=0000016858531a399558c8e71d312b89&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_eeb6d176&cb=1547670068729&jobListingId=3031127712"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	" With the breathtaking pace at which data is growing, and with new types of data coming online and new hypotheses becoming measurable, we continue to face the inspiring and exciting challenge to reveal value in the world’s data. We are seeking intellectually curious and creative analysts who are deeply passionate about data exploration, augmentation, and analysis to join our team. In this role, you will partner with our close-knit team of data sourcing colleagues, engineers, quantitative researchers, and data scientists to translate data into actionable insights and to accelerate our vibrant research pipeline. Key responsibilities include: While financial industry experience is a plus, we are open-minded in our search for critical thinkers who are passionate about technology and data.Operating and extending our data discovery platform to allow for colleagues to discover, trial and purchase datasetsIdentifying and generating reports about our workflowsProject management of various data pipelines to ensure that new datasets are constantly being evaluated Requirements include:A strong academic track record with university coursework or related data analysis experience.Applied data analysis experience, especially using popular scripting languages (particularly Python) and/or data analysis tools and languages (PyData, R, Julia, Matlab, Tableau).Deep intellectual curiosity and passion for data.Excellent problem solving, communication, and analytical skills.Eagerness to work in an evolving and fast-paced environment."
"2955061037"	"Analytics & Insights Senior Data Analyst"	"Uber"	2019-01-11	101	130	113	4.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=122&ao=134571&s=58&guid=0000016858531a399558c8e71d312b89&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_b801e105&cb=1547670068729&jobListingId=2955061037"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	" At Uber, we ignite opportunity by setting the world in motion. We take on big problems to help drivers, riders, delivery partners, and eaters get moving in more than 600 cities around the world.  We welcome people from all backgrounds who seek the opportunity to help build a future where everyone and everything can move independently. If you have the curiosity, passion, and collaborative spirit, work with us, and let’s move the world forward, together. About the Role As a member of the Uber Eats Analytics & Insights team, the Senior Data Analyst will drive the analyses behind decisions related to our community's support experience and management of Uber Eats Restaurant support. You’ll work with a cross functional team of product managers, business leaders, and Uber’s customer support network to address the complex challenges of scaling our business while building out a world-class support network for our restaurant partners.  The Senior Data Analyst will play a big part in developing our strategy to scale restaurant support as we develop onboarding, engagement and retention strategies. You will apply advanced analytics skills like experimental design and statistical modeling, along with advanced reporting through R and Python.  The ideal candidate for this role has excellent analytical and time-management skills, with the ability to communicate and present information for stakeholders at all levels of the business. You should apply for this position if you possess a passion for improving techniques, processes, tracking, analytical insights and technology used by restaurant support team to achieve our bold goals. What You’ll DoOwn data analysis and visualization, and communicate the outcomes/insights to various stakeholders including senior management to aid strategic decisions for improvements in support experience for drivers and ridersCoordinate with other members of the Community Operations Team to measure the impact and efficiency of new products and business processesDevelop analytical frameworks to support decision making in the US and CanadaPartner closely with Uber Eats Restaurant Support team to provide insights that drive decisions around process, policy and service modelBuild, maintain, and communicate detailed reporting & modelsDevelop dashboards that provide reliable insights and visualization into the restaurant experienceImplement and analyze A/B experimentsWhat You’ll NeedBachelor’s DegreeMinimum 3-4 years of data science, business intelligence, investment banking, consulting or related experienceExpertise in SQL (Hive or Presto experience a plus)Experience with R and/or Python (fluency in either language preferred)Strong teamwork skills and desire to help others learnExceptional data management skillsStrong communication and organization skillsHustle and entrepreneurship - driven and focused self-starterStrategic mindset - you're comfortable thinking a few steps ahead of where the team is at nowBonus Points IfHigh-growth analytics or operations experienceExperience working in a support environment (contact management analytics, Zendesk API familiarity, etc.)Experience in advanced reporting tools such as R Shiny, Dash, or BokehAbout the Team The NorthAm Community Operations team ensures that we are providing high-quality support at scale. The Analytics & Insights team is tasked with providing critical business insights to help identify opportunities and implement operational improvements across our entire organization."
"2996596647"	"Business Intelligence Developer"	"UBS"	2019-01-10	82	118	94	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=112&ao=201248&s=58&guid=0000016858532114a7425e410d95e09e&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_e2daf3c8&cb=1547670070150&jobListingId=2996596647"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	"Your RoleAre you excited about working on a very critical business intelligence project? Have you worked on designing, development, support of SSAS cubes using Tabular model and SSIS packages? If so, you are the right person for the role. We’re looking for someone like that who can: To design, build & maintain SSAS Tabular cubesTo design, develop and maintain SSIS packages and familiar with XMLA/AMO/JSONCreation and optimisation of MDX/DAX queriesTo monitor the performance, reporting of SQL/DAX queriesExperienced developer with Power BI StackTo analyze user and business requirements, design and implement appropriate solutionsTo design and code programs following in-house standards and good design principlesTo support various test environment like QA, UAT etcTo ensure that all programs are documented to the UBS standardsTo work in an agile and iterative environmentYour teamThis is a Senior Cube/SSIS developer (AD) role in the area of Market Risk within Risk IT division of UBS. The role will be based in USA.What we offerTogether. That’s how we do things. We offer people around the world a supportive, challenging and diverse working environment. We value your passion and commitment, and reward your performance. Keen to achieve the work-life agility that you desire? We're open to discussing how this could work for you (and us).Take the next stepAre you truly collaborative? Succeeding at UBS means respecting, understanding and trusting colleagues and clients. Challenging others and being challenged in return. Being passionate about what you do. Driving yourself forward, always wanting to do things the right way. Does that sound like you? Then you have the right stuff to join us. Apply now.Disclaimer / Policy StatementsUBS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce."
"3059162012"	"Business Intelligence Manager"	"Verizon"	2019-01-10	98	134	116	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=119&ao=133279&s=58&guid=0000016858532114a7425e410d95e09e&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_eb92d5b8&cb=1547670070151&jobListingId=3059162012"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	"What you’ll be doing... This is a Business Data Modeling & Analytics position in the Analytics Team within Financial Planning & Analysis (FP&A) which involves understanding, analyzing, modeling and communicating performance metrics across the Telecom Consumer Organization. Your primary responsibility will be the development of forecast models to drive improved business performance in multiple areas. You will analyze complex marketing problems from many angles to recommend optimal strategies or corrections to the plan. You will also be creating presentations for operations reviews, monthly meetings, etc referencing multiple data sources and needed. Developing Excel analytical and forecast models to project the impact of strategic business decisions as required.Handling analytical inquiries, data pulls and working with large data sets using the following systems: OLAP cubes, IM Web, Vz.Ai., Teradata, Excel spreadsheets and other ad hoc reports.Creating and maintaining PowerPoint presentations in a standardized format. Meeting key presentation and operations review deadlines for analytics inputs.Strategizing, overseeing, documenting, resource planning and defining scope on multiple projects with evolving timelines.Working cross-functionally within the group as well as other PLM and finance teams to bring together the relevant parties to solve analytical questions.Backfilling other analytics team members and picking up other analysis tasks as needed.Correlating unit/functional performance with revenue and vs. targets.What we’re looking for... You are good with numbers and you love to dig into data to find the story. Designing predictive Excel models is a fun afternoon for you. You’re able to translate numbers into compelling stories---and tailor your presentation and recommendations to the audience function and level to meet their needs. You are detail-oriented and know how to focus on what really matters. You have a knack for understanding and visualizing just the right way to share data and practical insights so that people can understand. You enjoy aligning various work streams to ensure the same vision and goal is achieved.  You will need to have: Bachelor’s degree in business, marketing, information systems, analytics/business intelligence, engineering, mathematics, statistics, other related discipline or four or more years of work experience.Six or more years of relevant work experience.Experience using excel to develop analytical reports/models.Experience with Microsoft Word and PowerPoint.Experience with Teradata/Oracle/MS SQL Server and analyze data sets using SQL.Experience with Tableau or similar analysis tools. Even better if you have: A degree.Demonstrated solid PowerPoint skills with the ability to create quality presentations.Demonstrated ability to thrive in a dynamic environment and manage multiple and often conflicting deadlines.Solid understanding of how financial performance effects business strategy and objectives.In-depth knowledge of data sources within Verizon data warehouse and BI systems/metrics.Demonstrated strong project management skills.Experience investigating and solving complex technical problems and data discrepancies.Worked with Business Intelligence systems to provide diagnostic self-serve information to clients and business units.Knowledge of MDX /queries and using OLAP.Ability to lead and facilitate cross functional teams of managers and directors to gain consensus and execute to deliver results.Demonstrated capability to communicate complex information in a way that people understand – whether verbal or written.Willingness to work extended hours as needed.When you join Verizon... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better."
"3084541596"	"Data Engineer"	"Walt Disney Company"	2019-01-11	109	124	114	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=127&ao=37049&s=58&guid=0000016858532114a7425e410d95e09e&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_04b4b4e9&cb=1547670070151&jobListingId=3084541596"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	"Collaborate with product teams, data analysts and data scientists to design and build data-forward solutionsBuild and deploy streaming and batch data pipelines capable of processing and storing petabytes of data quickly and reliablyIntegrate with a variety of data providers ranging from marketing, web analytics, and consumer devices metricsBuild and maintain dimensional data warehouses in support of business intelligence toolsDevelop data catalogs and data validations to ensure clarity and correctness of key business metricsDrive and maintain a culture of quality, innovation and experimentation2-3 years of experience developing in object oriented PythonFamiliar with big-data solutions using technologies like EMR, S3, SparkLoading and querying cloud-hosted databases such as Redshift and SnowflakeBuilding data pipelines using Kinesis, Kafka, Spark, or FlinkFamiliarity with binary data serialization formats such as Parquet, Avro, and ThriftExperience deploying and using data notebook and analytic environments such as Jupyter and DatabricksKnowledge of the Python data ecosystem using pandas and numpyExperience with graph-based data workflows using Apache Airflow Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent work experience  Disney Streaming Services is a place for the creative and the bold. Whether New York City, San Francisco, Manchester or Amsterdam, we provide opportunities to elevate your career and transform the industry.  Software Engineers at Disney Streaming Services develop premium digital media products for Major League Baseball and our partners. The products we build, such as ESPN+, MLB.TV and NHL.TV are paving the way for the next-generation media and sport technologies, including the upcoming Disney+ offering. Our Engineering team for Disney Streaming Services is headquartered in the Chelsea area of New York City. Other office locations also include the SoMo area of San Francisco, CA and several international locations.  At Disney Streaming Services, data is central to measuring all aspects of the business, and critical to its operations and growth. The data engineering team is responsible for collecting, analyzing and distributing data using public cloud and open source technologies and offers transparency into customer behavior and business performance.  If you are interested in joining Disney Streaming Services in the pursuit of not only crafting new media products but enjoying the products you build, we are interested in hearing from you. Required Education : Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent work experience Preferred Education :2-3 years of experience developing in object oriented PythonFamiliar with big-data solutions using technologies like EMR, S3, SparkLoading and querying cloud-hosted databases such as Redshift and SnowflakeBuilding data pipelines using Kinesis, Kafka, Spark, or FlinkCompany Overview : Data "
"3032208348"	"Data Engineer, Real Estate and Development Technology"	"WeWork"	2019-01-16	112	128	119	3.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=446748&s=58&guid=0000016858531a399558c8e71d312b89&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_84d9e12a&cb=1547670068728&jobListingId=3032208348"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	"The RoleAt WeWork, data sits in the center of our business, providing insights into the effectiveness of our physical and digital product & features. We believe data brings everything together and it is the only way we make decisions.  As a Data Engineer focused on Real Estate and Development Technology, you will build robust ETL pipelines and data models which power the products that enable WeWork to deliver more high-quality locations on time and within budget.Who you are:You're a data engineer with extensive experience designing, implementing data solutions for various business challenges, and leading database and data warehousing initiatives.  You're motivated to enable and collaboration with engineering, data science, machine learning, and product teams to take on the most challenging business needs of a hyper-growth business.ResponsibilitiesBuild well-structured data models, using the right tool for the jobImplement systems tracking data quality and consistencyDevelop tools supporting self-service data pipeline management (ETL)Provide analysts and data scientists with technical support related to data modelingWork closely with infrastructure teams on design and implementation of data solutionsWork with various team and executive stakeholders to define mission-critical metrics and key performance indicators (KPIs)Drive training on metrics and self-service data platforms to enable a stronger data cultureOwn and provide BI development tools for internal useHelp implement and maintain a comprehensive data dictionaryRequirements:We are after individuals who are highly motivated, intelligent, and have a great track record. In addition to strong analytical and quantitative skills, you should have: 4+ years functional experience in a data engineering or business intelligence roleProficient in data modeling and systems design skillsProficient in any flavor of SQLProficient in at least one scripting language (ideally Python)Experience building and maintaining robust ETL pipelinesExperience with version control with Git or other VCSExperience in at least one of our BI platforms (Looker and Tableau)Excellent written and verbal communication skillsProven ability to collaborate with data scientists and software engineers, as well as with non-technical business usersNice To HavesExperience with AWSExperience with Apache Airflow, SparkYou enjoy telling a compelling story with dataWeWork MissionWeWork is the platform for creators, providing hundreds of thousands of members across the globe space, community, and services that enable them to do what they love and craft their life's work. Our mission is to build a world where people work to make a life, not just a living, and our own team members are central to that goal.  We are building software for physical space that uses data and technology at each point in the building process, such that it can make better sourcing decisions, improve its designs, build faster and smarter, and ultimately improve the lives of the people working within its buildings.  Our state of the art technologies and dedication to technological innovation are key reasons why WeWork has been able to scale from operating one workspace location to more than 200 in just over eight years.  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Apply now!"
"3032208348"	"Data Engineer, Real Estate and Development Technology"	"WeWork"	2019-01-16	112	128	119	3.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=106&ao=446748&s=58&guid=0000016858532114a7425e410d95e09e&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_138fec18&cb=1547670070150&jobListingId=3032208348"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	"The RoleAt WeWork, data sits in the center of our business, providing insights into the effectiveness of our physical and digital product & features. We believe data brings everything together and it is the only way we make decisions.  As a Data Engineer focused on Real Estate and Development Technology, you will build robust ETL pipelines and data models which power the products that enable WeWork to deliver more high-quality locations on time and within budget.Who you are:You're a data engineer with extensive experience designing, implementing data solutions for various business challenges, and leading database and data warehousing initiatives.  You're motivated to enable and collaboration with engineering, data science, machine learning, and product teams to take on the most challenging business needs of a hyper-growth business.ResponsibilitiesBuild well-structured data models, using the right tool for the jobImplement systems tracking data quality and consistencyDevelop tools supporting self-service data pipeline management (ETL)Provide analysts and data scientists with technical support related to data modelingWork closely with infrastructure teams on design and implementation of data solutionsWork with various team and executive stakeholders to define mission-critical metrics and key performance indicators (KPIs)Drive training on metrics and self-service data platforms to enable a stronger data cultureOwn and provide BI development tools for internal useHelp implement and maintain a comprehensive data dictionaryRequirements:We are after individuals who are highly motivated, intelligent, and have a great track record. In addition to strong analytical and quantitative skills, you should have: 4+ years functional experience in a data engineering or business intelligence roleProficient in data modeling and systems design skillsProficient in any flavor of SQLProficient in at least one scripting language (ideally Python)Experience building and maintaining robust ETL pipelinesExperience with version control with Git or other VCSExperience in at least one of our BI platforms (Looker and Tableau)Excellent written and verbal communication skillsProven ability to collaborate with data scientists and software engineers, as well as with non-technical business usersNice To HavesExperience with AWSExperience with Apache Airflow, SparkYou enjoy telling a compelling story with dataWeWork MissionWeWork is the platform for creators, providing hundreds of thousands of members across the globe space, community, and services that enable them to do what they love and craft their life's work. Our mission is to build a world where people work to make a life, not just a living, and our own team members are central to that goal.  We are building software for physical space that uses data and technology at each point in the building process, such that it can make better sourcing decisions, improve its designs, build faster and smarter, and ultimately improve the lives of the people working within its buildings.  Our state of the art technologies and dedication to technological innovation are key reasons why WeWork has been able to scale from operating one workspace location to more than 200 in just over eight years.  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Apply now!"
"3032208348"	"Data Engineer, Real Estate and Development Technology"	"WeWork"	2019-01-16	112	128	119	3.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=446748&s=58&guid=0000016858531a399558c8e71d312b89&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_84d9e12a&cb=1547670068728&jobListingId=3032208348"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	"The RoleAt WeWork, data sits in the center of our business, providing insights into the effectiveness of our physical and digital product & features. We believe data brings everything together and it is the only way we make decisions.  As a Data Engineer focused on Real Estate and Development Technology, you will build robust ETL pipelines and data models which power the products that enable WeWork to deliver more high-quality locations on time and within budget.Who you are:You're a data engineer with extensive experience designing, implementing data solutions for various business challenges, and leading database and data warehousing initiatives.  You're motivated to enable and collaboration with engineering, data science, machine learning, and product teams to take on the most challenging business needs of a hyper-growth business.ResponsibilitiesBuild well-structured data models, using the right tool for the jobImplement systems tracking data quality and consistencyDevelop tools supporting self-service data pipeline management (ETL)Provide analysts and data scientists with technical support related to data modelingWork closely with infrastructure teams on design and implementation of data solutionsWork with various team and executive stakeholders to define mission-critical metrics and key performance indicators (KPIs)Drive training on metrics and self-service data platforms to enable a stronger data cultureOwn and provide BI development tools for internal useHelp implement and maintain a comprehensive data dictionaryRequirements:We are after individuals who are highly motivated, intelligent, and have a great track record. In addition to strong analytical and quantitative skills, you should have: 4+ years functional experience in a data engineering or business intelligence roleProficient in data modeling and systems design skillsProficient in any flavor of SQLProficient in at least one scripting language (ideally Python)Experience building and maintaining robust ETL pipelinesExperience with version control with Git or other VCSExperience in at least one of our BI platforms (Looker and Tableau)Excellent written and verbal communication skillsProven ability to collaborate with data scientists and software engineers, as well as with non-technical business usersNice To HavesExperience with AWSExperience with Apache Airflow, SparkYou enjoy telling a compelling story with dataWeWork MissionWeWork is the platform for creators, providing hundreds of thousands of members across the globe space, community, and services that enable them to do what they love and craft their life's work. Our mission is to build a world where people work to make a life, not just a living, and our own team members are central to that goal.  We are building software for physical space that uses data and technology at each point in the building process, such that it can make better sourcing decisions, improve its designs, build faster and smarter, and ultimately improve the lives of the people working within its buildings.  Our state of the art technologies and dedication to technological innovation are key reasons why WeWork has been able to scale from operating one workspace location to more than 200 in just over eight years.  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Apply now!"
"3032208348"	"Data Engineer, Real Estate and Development Technology"	"WeWork"	2019-01-16	112	128	119	3.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=106&ao=446748&s=58&guid=0000016858532114a7425e410d95e09e&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_138fec18&cb=1547670070150&jobListingId=3032208348"	2019-01-16 15:22:06	"The RoleAt WeWork, data sits in the center of our business, providing insights into the effectiveness of our physical and digital product & features. We believe data brings everything together and it is the only way we make decisions.  As a Data Engineer focused on Real Estate and Development Technology, you will build robust ETL pipelines and data models which power the products that enable WeWork to deliver more high-quality locations on time and within budget.Who you are:You're a data engineer with extensive experience designing, implementing data solutions for various business challenges, and leading database and data warehousing initiatives.  You're motivated to enable and collaboration with engineering, data science, machine learning, and product teams to take on the most challenging business needs of a hyper-growth business.ResponsibilitiesBuild well-structured data models, using the right tool for the jobImplement systems tracking data quality and consistencyDevelop tools supporting self-service data pipeline management (ETL)Provide analysts and data scientists with technical support related to data modelingWork closely with infrastructure teams on design and implementation of data solutionsWork with various team and executive stakeholders to define mission-critical metrics and key performance indicators (KPIs)Drive training on metrics and self-service data platforms to enable a stronger data cultureOwn and provide BI development tools for internal useHelp implement and maintain a comprehensive data dictionaryRequirements:We are after individuals who are highly motivated, intelligent, and have a great track record. In addition to strong analytical and quantitative skills, you should have: 4+ years functional experience in a data engineering or business intelligence roleProficient in data modeling and systems design skillsProficient in any flavor of SQLProficient in at least one scripting language (ideally Python)Experience building and maintaining robust ETL pipelinesExperience with version control with Git or other VCSExperience in at least one of our BI platforms (Looker and Tableau)Excellent written and verbal communication skillsProven ability to collaborate with data scientists and software engineers, as well as with non-technical business usersNice To HavesExperience with AWSExperience with Apache Airflow, SparkYou enjoy telling a compelling story with dataWeWork MissionWeWork is the platform for creators, providing hundreds of thousands of members across the globe space, community, and services that enable them to do what they love and craft their life's work. Our mission is to build a world where people work to make a life, not just a living, and our own team members are central to that goal.  We are building software for physical space that uses data and technology at each point in the building process, such that it can make better sourcing decisions, improve its designs, build faster and smarter, and ultimately improve the lives of the people working within its buildings.  Our state of the art technologies and dedication to technological innovation are key reasons why WeWork has been able to scale from operating one workspace location to more than 200 in just over eight years.  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Apply now!"
