"jobListingId"	"title"	"company"	"last_updated"	"salary_min_est"	"salary_max_est"	"salary_est"	"review"	"url"	"run_time"	"description"
"3030501758"	"Analyst"	"1stdibs.com"	2019-01-15	72	112	89	4.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=110&ao=8095&s=58&guid=000001685326cbf18347138d43594c71&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_9962bb17&cb=1547583279107&jobListingId=3030501758"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	" Here at 1stdibs one of our core values is 'Say It With Data' and we are looking for an Analyst to join our Analytics team. In this role you will work cross-functionally and partner with key stakeholders to measure and quantify marketing/product initiatives here at 1stdibs.  Your goal is to lead and manage conversations that steer our audience acquisition/retention and user experience optimization strategy through the identification of significant trends and application of advanced insights. You will provide thought-leadership on how to effectively leverage data to inform decision-making across the organization.  In this role, you will have the opportunity to learn and develop expertise around how a luxury e-commerce marketplace leverages web analytics to drive decisions. You will be a self-starter who can jump in without being asked, see the big picture but pay close attention to detail, and demonstrate strong verbal and written communication skills. You will be diligent in your work and have a passion for process. You will be passionate about using data to drive business decisions and have experience working with various stakeholders and cross-functional teams. To be successful you will have a deep knowledge of SQL, a natural flair for interpreting data and an all around passion for numbers!  We have a startup culture that is constantly evolving so comfort with ambiguity is very important. In exchange, you'll be given the opportunity to work with and learn from some of the most passionate, driven and creative people assembled under one roof. What you'll doDefine, analyze and validate key metrics to inform decision-making and measure product and marketing success from a business and user perspectiveWork with business owners to leverage data to identify growth opportunities and user pain points, evaluate new features and recommend changesCommunicate and present data and insights clearly, distilling complexity down to its essenceDesign, monitor, analyze and create reporting for A/B experimentsPerform and regularly monitor cohort and conversion funnel analyses to identify key user behavior trendsGather requirements and build data visualizations and interactive dashboardsWhat you'll bringBachelor's in a quantitative field, data science or business analytics; Master's preferred2-4 years of experience in marketing|digital|business analyticsStrong SQL skillsFamiliarity with web analytics tools, such as Google AnalyticsFamiliarity with business intelligence solutions that translate insights into simple and concise visuals (e.g. Chartio, Looker, Tableau, etc.)Possess strong verbal, written and visual presentation skills, with an emphasis on storytellingAbility to think critically about problems through multiple perspectives and assert demonstrable hypothesesComfort working in a fast-paced, cross-functional environment, delivering flawless execution"
"3000701407"	"Business Intelligence Engineer"	"Amazon"	2019-01-15	69	101	86	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=115&ao=133043&s=58&guid=000001685326cbf18347138d43594c71&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_44179b4a&cb=1547583279107&jobListingId=3000701407"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	" Amazon is seeking a talented Business Intelligence Engineer to support Amazon Fresh and Amazon Prime Now - Amazons rapidly-growing local grocery delivery services. This is a unique opportunity to play a key role in an exciting and groundbreaking new initiative at Amazon in its early stages.  We are looking for an experienced, data-driven Business Intelligence Engineer to develop models, heuristics, and frameworks to inform areas including customer acquisition and retention strategies and demand forecasting. You will be responsible for developing methodologies to measure inputs to the business that improve customer and business outcomes.  Your primary responsibilities will be leading projects across cross functional teams to achieve our goals, and collaborating closely with business, product, and operational teams to deliver. As the business and its complexity grows, we need data-driven insights across a diverse set of geographies and customer segments. Responsibilities include: · Owning the design, development, and maintenance of scalable solutions for ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards, etc. to support analytical and business needs.  · Work with team leadership to understand the customer needs and concerns as well as define solutions.  · Translate basic business problem statements into analysis requirements. Work with internal customers to define best output based on expressed stakeholder needs.  · Use analytical and statistical rigor to solve complex marketing problems and drive business decisions.  · Develop queries and visualizations for ad-hoc requests and projects, as well as ongoing reporting.  · Design and drive experiments, A/B testing, outlier deep dives and form actionable recommendations. Manage the implementation of those recommendations.  · Write queries and output efficiently, and have in-depth knowledge of the data available in area of expertise. Pull the data needed with standard query syntax; periodically identify more advanced methods of query optimization. Convert data to make it analysis-ready.  · Recognize and adopt best practices in reporting and analysis: data integrity, test design, analysis, validation, and documentation.  · Monitor and troubleshoot operational or data issues in the data pipelines  · Review and audit existing ETL jobs and SQL queries. Basic Qualifications · Bachelors degree in math, finance, engineering, statistics, or related discipline is required.  · Proven analytical and quantitative skills and ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions and develop business cases.  · Fluency in Python or a similar modeling language, and proficiency in SQL  · 3 years in the analysis space as a Business Intelligence Engineer, Business Analyst, Data Engineer, or similar roles.  · Experience using Python, Ruby, or other scripting languages to automate data retrieval, manipulation, and analysis."
"3082577142"	"Business Intelligence Analyst"	"AXA"	2019-01-09	75	101	85	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=37049&s=58&guid=000001685326cbf18347138d43594c71&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_24f3f25d&cb=1547583279107&jobListingId=3082577142"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	" Job Purpose  Are you looking to join a company and business that is bucking the trend? Do you have an analytical mindset and a thirst to employ state-of-the-art digital and analytics tools to drive tangible value to a business? Are you looking to help build a business intelligence capacity at one of the largest insurance companies in the world?  If you answered yes to any of those questions then this could be the job for you  AXA is looking for someone that can conduct data engineering, data science, and business intelligence functions for the company  This position will be part of the Operations Team within the Individual Annuity business unit at AXA. The Individual Annuity business unit is the largest business unit at AXA and produced over $7 billion in sales for 2016. AXA sells individual retirement products to our clients through our captive agency, AXA Advisors, and through relationships with over 750 selling firms ranking as the #3 player in the industry.  The newly created Operations team has been tasked with leading the business' functions of (i) estrategy and digital, (ii) data and analytics, (iii) strategy and business development, and (iv) serving as the central point of the organization helping to drive its strategic business agenda  This position will be a member of the business' data and analytics team working closely with the estrategy/digital team and other key stakeholders. The data and analytics group has been and will continue to employ cutting edge and state-of-the-art tools that will help us achieve our goals. Additionally, this role will focus on providing intelligence to the business using data and analytical rigor. This position will also provide the incumbent with the opportunity to wear many different hats as it relates to managing strategic projects and initiatives.  The responsibilities of the applicant could vary and can expand depending on the qualifications of the person in this role. Work within the data and analytics teams to take newly designed tools and implement them into the field and for key stakeholdersWork with key stakeholders to understand the need for reporting tools to drive efficiency and add valueCollaborate closely with the estrategy team, IT and the centralized data office to ensure the proper implementation of analytics tools and manage the processMeasure the results of tools and business initiatives deployed across the business and in the field. Work closely with the analytics team to determine the efficacy of tools.Assess current reporting capabilities in the business and work to automate them, as necessaryUnderstand the return on our actions as a business and determine what is driving valueCreate an environment where data is more accessible and can be used across the business to drive valueExtremely resourceful and tenacious gathering information from across the organization; comfortable multi-taskingAbility to formulate clear and concise Executive \"Messages\" to internal and external audiences from complex topicsQUALIFICATIONS:Qualifications 4-6 years of experience Exceptional capacity for quantitative and qualitative analysis Ability to gather and synthesize competitive intelligence to formulate business strategy and execution plan Demonstrated ability to think strategically and partner with other business areas to identify and solve difficult business problems Ability to interpret industry trends and competitive information and develop strategies and tactics to respond to changes in the marketplace Strong interpersonal skills and demonstrated success in leading cross functional teams and building business relationships Superior problem solving skills Excellent written and presentation skills A can-do attitude with a drive to succeed Flexibility and ability to get whatever needs to get done Self-starter with strong-problem solving skills. Being able to plan and organize with and through people is critical to success. Extremely pro-active, anticipating needs and staying out ahead of them. The individual must be flexible and have a comfort level with working in an often-ambiguous environment. This is a fast-paced environment, which often requires the ability to manage multiple projects and priorities. Exceptional interpersonal skills and the ability to interact with all levels of the organization, including senior management Knowledge and use of Tableau is a HUGE plus Intermediate understanding of SQL is required Knowledge and use of Big Data analysis and tools (Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Hue, Kafka, etc.) ABOUT AXA: We have been providing stability and reliability to our clients since 1859 to help them live their lives with confidence, to give them peace of mind, and enable them to realize their dreams for their loved ones and their legacy.  As an employer AXA is committed to creating an environment where everyone feels completely comfortable bringing their true selves to work every day. AXA US has been recognized and certified as a great place to work by the Great Place to Work Institute.  We provide our employees opportunities to move within our organization so they can grow their career and skills without ever having to leave AXA. Almost 40% of our open jobs are filled with current employees.  NOTE: AXA participates in the E-Verify program.  In addition to competitive compensation and an outstanding benefits package including 401 (k) and medical programs, we offer the opportunity for continued professional development in a congenial corporate environment.  AXA is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to our employees, applicants and candidates based on individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity and expression, age, national origin, mental or physical disabilities, sexual orientation, veteran status, genetic information or any other class protected by federal, state and local laws."
"3083363670"	"Data Management Analyst"	"Axtria"	2019-01-10	84	126	107	3.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=119&ao=361581&s=58&guid=000001685326c433b52f288ca7e86cd1&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_2b4d307d&cb=1547583277350&jobListingId=3083363670"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	"IntroductionAxtria is a global big data analytics company. We empower leaders across the Life Sciences and Financial Services industries to make better data-driven decisions.Our data analytics and software platforms support data science, commercial operations and cloud information management. We help to optimize business strategy by delivering cutting edge analytics from the broadest set of data sources, combined with deep technical and domain expertise. We enable commercial excellence by eliminating spreadsheets and delivering analytical guidance to the field through Axtria SalesIQ™, our cloud based sales planning and operations platform. We are leaders in managing data using the latest cloud information management and big data technologies.We have more than 900+ employees worldwide, we are growing rapidly, and we are proud to count 8 of the top 10 global Life Sciences companies and 2 of the Top 5 global banks as our customers. We serve clients with a high-touch on-site and onshore presence, leveraged by a global delivery platform. Success in the position requires a person who can engage with client stakeholders to understand their business problems, their data/technical landscape & recommend data driven solutions. Then work with clients to gather requirements, contribute to solution design, led implementation, alignment of solution to client needs and customer satisfaction.The position will be directly responsible for:- Lead development of architecture and standards for our data warehouses and data lakesHands on experience in working on Cloud platforms like AWS, Azure, GCPServe as the go-to person for Business Intelligence capabilities and available data setsGather requirements and work cross functionally across internal teamsCollaborate with Architect, build and launch new data models that provide intuitive analytics to data customersMentor and coach warehouse and data engineersBuild and maintain high-performance, fault-tolerant, secure, and scalable distributed software systemsDevelop expertise on Lifesciences data sets and lead their modeling to enable insightsImplement tools that helps your data customers to extract, analyze, and visualize data fasterEvaluate new technologies and build prototypes for continuous improvements in data infrastructure and engineeringDeep Pharma Domain experience. Understanding of various syndicated, specialty, marketing channels and associated datasetsExperience in one of these data massaging technologies – PySpark, AWS Glue, Informatica BDM.Required Skills & Experience5-10 years professional experience as a software developer, including experience as a technical leadLeading design and implementation of data warehouses and related technologiesExperience architecting and designing data modelsMastery of SQL and ETL techniquesDevelopment experience with an interpreted scripting languageBachelor’s degree in Computer Science or other technical field Desired experience:Healthcare provider experience, work with EHR/EMR data a plus.Project management experience desirableExperience in different phases of SDLC development desirable.Logistics and Location: -We are hiring for Berkeley Heights, NJ.U.S. Citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply.Flexibility to travel and/or relocate within the US as per project requirements. "
"2827776461"	"Business Intelligence Developer"	"B&H Photo Video"	2019-01-09	92	132	106	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=118&ao=4132&s=58&guid=000001685326cbf18347138d43594c71&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_32976e5c&cb=1547583279107&jobListingId=2827776461"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	"Job Overview: BI developer will be responsible for enhancing our reporting architecture, participating in UX design, dashboard/application creation and administration. Their responsibilities include translating business requirements to technical specifications, making sure best practices are followed. They will determine the suitable visualization techniques, verify data integrity and report accuracy. S/he will assist Junior developers (Level 1) with report performance optimization techniques. Essential Responsibilities: • MicroStrategy administration including: o Upgrades o Project deployment and migration o Users and security filters maintenance o Usage monitoring • MicroStrategy BI Project development lifecycle. o Data modeling: designing the semantic layer, schema layer, dimension modeling o End-to-end implementation of Business Intelligence (BI) projects (reports, cubes, interactive dashboards, documents) o Trouble-shooting and tuning SQL queries o Conduct business user discussions for requirements gathering and architecting solutions for BI projects. o Train and mentor team members and business users. Additional Responsibilities: As assigned by the manager Specific Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: • Demonstrated experience with full BI Administration cycle. • Experience with BI architecture (tables, attributes, facts, hierarchies, etc.) • Proficient in designing and developing reporting solutions • Experience with Data mining; advanced analytics and predictive analysis is a plus • Experience with advanced MicroStrategy features (distribution services, transaction services, mobile, etc.) is a plus Apply to: employment@bhphoto.com We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V. "
"3000586049"	"Data Analyst, Product"	"Betterment"	2019-01-15	81	112	96	4.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=126&ao=4120&s=58&guid=000001685326c433b52f288ca7e86cd1&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_4c5dbe96&cb=1547583277351&jobListingId=3000586049"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	" Betterment HQ - New York City Data Science & Analytics is one of the fastest growing teams at Betterment. We operate with a 360 degree view of the company, partnering closely with teams such as Finance, Marketing, Product, and Operations, and always with our users in mind. Our projects range from creating beautiful dashboards to developing models of user behavior. These projects deliver insights that inform product and business decisions across the company. We are looking for more thoughtful, driven, and curious people to push the business even further. About the right team member: At Betterment, there is nothing more important than building the best product we possibly can for our customers. Data plays a central role in how we decide what to build, how we design the customer experience, and how we monitor the performance and adoption of our products. We are looking for a talented product analyst to support these efforts. Betterment is in a growth stage and our product team’s analytics needs are fairly broad, so the work is bound to stay interesting. At any one time, projects may include working with product squads to interpret results of our A/B tests, study customer behavior, design OKRs to measure product performance, build interactive dashboards to track key metrics, and assist in fulfilling ad-hoc data requests from the product and design teams. At Betterment you will get to: Partner closely with cross functional teams of product managers, engineers and designers to refine the user experience and discover opportunities for product improvements.Create impactful quantitative reports, dashboards and insights to provide our product team with critical information to support our decision-making process.Understand how customers use our product, influence the product roadmap and help monitor feature performance.Support ad hoc analysis requests as needed, but over time translate them into tools and metrics.Assist with the design, set-up and analysis of A/B tests to drive iterative improvement through efficient experimentation.Contribute to Betterment’s data driven culture, and influence best practices.Be a member of the broader data science community in NYC, staying abreast of new ideas and trends, and contributing thought leadership. You will be effective if you have: 2+ years experience working in data analytics, finance or consulting.The ability to write SQL in your sleep.Experience with Python or R, along with a desire to become an expert.Comfort with working with large datasets.Passion about solving complex business problems with data and transforming analyses into concise insights and actionable recommendations.Self-starter mentality with a track record of completing projects with minimal guidance.A willingness to be flexible, prioritizing problems that are most pressing and using the most appropriate tools.An ability to build strong relationships with colleagues and stakeholders.An eye for beautiful and effective data visualizations, and experience creating them programmatically. Bonus points if you have: Experience in product analytics and tableau. About Betterment Betterment is the largest independent online financial advisor with more than $15 billion in assets under management. The service is designed to help increase customers’ long-term returns and lower taxes for retirement planning, building wealth, and other financial goals. Betterment takes advanced investment strategies and uses technology to deliver them to more than 380,000 customers across its three business lines: direct-to-consumer, Betterment for Advisors, and Betterment for Business. Learn more."
"3030464918"	"Data Insights Analyst"	"Bluecore"	2019-01-15	80	109	94	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=462861&s=149&guid=000001685326c4338015bbafec7bc8c6&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_9534b0ce&cb=1547583277313&jobListingId=3030464918"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	"Bluecore is an Inc. 500 high-growth marketing technology company. Bluecore has been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work by Glassdoor and is ranked No. 241 on the Inc. 500 List, the most prestigious ranking of the nations fastest-growing private companies. Our Retail Performance Cloud, specializing in artificial intelligence - based workflows. Our unique ability to leverage machine learning to match customer data with real-time product and behavior enables brands to build intelligent, marketing communications and personalized campaigns in seconds vs. days. More than 400 retail brands, including Staples, Perry Ellis, Teleflora, Tommy Hilfiger, and Best Buy Canada, increase their performance with less effort leveraging our products.Bluecores Data Insights and Strategy team have two key focuses - First to deliver custom deep dive analysis to our largest enterprise clients, and second to productize and scale the most relevant insights so that they can be delivered to hundreds of clients. As an Insights Analyst on the team, your job would be to mine, explore, and analyze terabytes of behavioral data and digital marketing engagement data from across 300+ retail brands to discover and deliver insights and strategy for our clients. Were looking for a highly motivated data analyst with a strong technical background and a knack for interpreting and communicating the why behind data and its application to business. We are looking for candidates with fluency in SQL, Python, and Excel, who enjoys and appreciates creative thinking, relentlessly digging into data, and turning the results into clearly communicated and compelling strategies. Youll be working closely with the other analysts and strategists on the Insights team, as well as Bluecores customer success and sales teams to deliver insights to our clients. You will be responsible for discovering, solving, and communicating the business problems that our brands face and working with our engineering teams to create automated solutions. ResponsibilitiesBuild, maintain and improve custom models that help our clients solve specific retail marketing goals such as getting buyers to buy in a new category.Design and build KPI reports and visualizations in Excel, Jupyter Notebooks, and Looker to help make our teams and clients successful.Work with the analysts and strategists to help form strategies based on our insights to help our clients reach their business goals.Track and monitor the performance of our strategy recommendations. Provide recommendations for optimizations.Work with customers and internal customer success and sales teams to discover the challenges faced by our clients.Work with engineers to generalize and automate analysis developed on Jupyter Notebooks, Excel, and Looker using tools such as Pandas, Airflow, Google BigQuery, and CloudSQL.RequirementsPosition is located in our New York City office. Bachelors degree in analytical fields such as Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics preferred.2+ years experience in business analysis, consulting, data analysis or other similarly analytical roles, preferably related with large datasets.Retail e-commerce analytics experience is a plus.Ability to operate comfortably and effectively in a fast-paced, highly cross-functional, rapidly changing environment.Experience with R, Python or other languages for data analysis is a must.Fluency in SQL and Python a must.Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.Excellent communication skills for cross-team collaboration.Experience creating dashboards with Looker, Periscope, and other similar data visualization tools required.Knowledge of statistics a plus.BenefitsAmazing team environment recognized by Glassdoor and other culture assessment companies. Certified great places to work by the Great Place to Work InstituteCome work with passionate, energetic, curious people solving customer problemsCompetitive compensation package including salary and comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insuranceEquity in a rapidly growing, early-stage Inc. 500 marketing technology growth companyGenerous Parental Leave & flexible vacation policy401(k) planMonthly fitness stipend for a gym membership or fitness classesMonthly public transportation stipendAt Bluecore we believe in fostering an inclusive environment in which employees feel encouraged to share their unique perspectives, leverage their strengths, and act authentically. We know that diverse teams are strong teams, and welcome those from all backgrounds and varying experiences.Bluecore is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fair hiring practices and to creating a welcoming environment for all team members. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, familial status or veteran status."
"3030464918"	"Data Insights Analyst"	"Bluecore"	2019-01-15	80	109	94	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=462861&s=58&guid=000001685326cbf18347138d43594c71&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_08d1e744&cb=1547583279106&jobListingId=3030464918"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	"Bluecore is an Inc. 500 high-growth marketing technology company. Bluecore has been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work by Glassdoor and is ranked No. 241 on the Inc. 500 List, the most prestigious ranking of the nations fastest-growing private companies. Our Retail Performance Cloud, specializing in artificial intelligence - based workflows. Our unique ability to leverage machine learning to match customer data with real-time product and behavior enables brands to build intelligent, marketing communications and personalized campaigns in seconds vs. days. More than 400 retail brands, including Staples, Perry Ellis, Teleflora, Tommy Hilfiger, and Best Buy Canada, increase their performance with less effort leveraging our products.Bluecores Data Insights and Strategy team have two key focuses - First to deliver custom deep dive analysis to our largest enterprise clients, and second to productize and scale the most relevant insights so that they can be delivered to hundreds of clients. As an Insights Analyst on the team, your job would be to mine, explore, and analyze terabytes of behavioral data and digital marketing engagement data from across 300+ retail brands to discover and deliver insights and strategy for our clients. Were looking for a highly motivated data analyst with a strong technical background and a knack for interpreting and communicating the why behind data and its application to business. We are looking for candidates with fluency in SQL, Python, and Excel, who enjoys and appreciates creative thinking, relentlessly digging into data, and turning the results into clearly communicated and compelling strategies. Youll be working closely with the other analysts and strategists on the Insights team, as well as Bluecores customer success and sales teams to deliver insights to our clients. You will be responsible for discovering, solving, and communicating the business problems that our brands face and working with our engineering teams to create automated solutions. ResponsibilitiesBuild, maintain and improve custom models that help our clients solve specific retail marketing goals such as getting buyers to buy in a new category.Design and build KPI reports and visualizations in Excel, Jupyter Notebooks, and Looker to help make our teams and clients successful.Work with the analysts and strategists to help form strategies based on our insights to help our clients reach their business goals.Track and monitor the performance of our strategy recommendations. Provide recommendations for optimizations.Work with customers and internal customer success and sales teams to discover the challenges faced by our clients.Work with engineers to generalize and automate analysis developed on Jupyter Notebooks, Excel, and Looker using tools such as Pandas, Airflow, Google BigQuery, and CloudSQL.RequirementsPosition is located in our New York City office. Bachelors degree in analytical fields such as Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics preferred.2+ years experience in business analysis, consulting, data analysis or other similarly analytical roles, preferably related with large datasets.Retail e-commerce analytics experience is a plus.Ability to operate comfortably and effectively in a fast-paced, highly cross-functional, rapidly changing environment.Experience with R, Python or other languages for data analysis is a must.Fluency in SQL and Python a must.Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.Excellent communication skills for cross-team collaboration.Experience creating dashboards with Looker, Periscope, and other similar data visualization tools required.Knowledge of statistics a plus.BenefitsAmazing team environment recognized by Glassdoor and other culture assessment companies. Certified great places to work by the Great Place to Work InstituteCome work with passionate, energetic, curious people solving customer problemsCompetitive compensation package including salary and comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insuranceEquity in a rapidly growing, early-stage Inc. 500 marketing technology growth companyGenerous Parental Leave & flexible vacation policy401(k) planMonthly fitness stipend for a gym membership or fitness classesMonthly public transportation stipendAt Bluecore we believe in fostering an inclusive environment in which employees feel encouraged to share their unique perspectives, leverage their strengths, and act authentically. We know that diverse teams are strong teams, and welcome those from all backgrounds and varying experiences.Bluecore is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fair hiring practices and to creating a welcoming environment for all team members. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, familial status or veteran status."
"3030464918"	"Data Insights Analyst"	"Bluecore"	2019-01-15	80	109	94	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=462861&s=149&guid=000001685326c4338015bbafec7bc8c6&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_9534b0ce&cb=1547583277313&jobListingId=3030464918"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	"Bluecore is an Inc. 500 high-growth marketing technology company. Bluecore has been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work by Glassdoor and is ranked No. 241 on the Inc. 500 List, the most prestigious ranking of the nations fastest-growing private companies. Our Retail Performance Cloud, specializing in artificial intelligence - based workflows. Our unique ability to leverage machine learning to match customer data with real-time product and behavior enables brands to build intelligent, marketing communications and personalized campaigns in seconds vs. days. More than 400 retail brands, including Staples, Perry Ellis, Teleflora, Tommy Hilfiger, and Best Buy Canada, increase their performance with less effort leveraging our products.Bluecores Data Insights and Strategy team have two key focuses - First to deliver custom deep dive analysis to our largest enterprise clients, and second to productize and scale the most relevant insights so that they can be delivered to hundreds of clients. As an Insights Analyst on the team, your job would be to mine, explore, and analyze terabytes of behavioral data and digital marketing engagement data from across 300+ retail brands to discover and deliver insights and strategy for our clients. Were looking for a highly motivated data analyst with a strong technical background and a knack for interpreting and communicating the why behind data and its application to business. We are looking for candidates with fluency in SQL, Python, and Excel, who enjoys and appreciates creative thinking, relentlessly digging into data, and turning the results into clearly communicated and compelling strategies. Youll be working closely with the other analysts and strategists on the Insights team, as well as Bluecores customer success and sales teams to deliver insights to our clients. You will be responsible for discovering, solving, and communicating the business problems that our brands face and working with our engineering teams to create automated solutions. ResponsibilitiesBuild, maintain and improve custom models that help our clients solve specific retail marketing goals such as getting buyers to buy in a new category.Design and build KPI reports and visualizations in Excel, Jupyter Notebooks, and Looker to help make our teams and clients successful.Work with the analysts and strategists to help form strategies based on our insights to help our clients reach their business goals.Track and monitor the performance of our strategy recommendations. Provide recommendations for optimizations.Work with customers and internal customer success and sales teams to discover the challenges faced by our clients.Work with engineers to generalize and automate analysis developed on Jupyter Notebooks, Excel, and Looker using tools such as Pandas, Airflow, Google BigQuery, and CloudSQL.RequirementsPosition is located in our New York City office. Bachelors degree in analytical fields such as Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics preferred.2+ years experience in business analysis, consulting, data analysis or other similarly analytical roles, preferably related with large datasets.Retail e-commerce analytics experience is a plus.Ability to operate comfortably and effectively in a fast-paced, highly cross-functional, rapidly changing environment.Experience with R, Python or other languages for data analysis is a must.Fluency in SQL and Python a must.Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.Excellent communication skills for cross-team collaboration.Experience creating dashboards with Looker, Periscope, and other similar data visualization tools required.Knowledge of statistics a plus.BenefitsAmazing team environment recognized by Glassdoor and other culture assessment companies. Certified great places to work by the Great Place to Work InstituteCome work with passionate, energetic, curious people solving customer problemsCompetitive compensation package including salary and comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insuranceEquity in a rapidly growing, early-stage Inc. 500 marketing technology growth companyGenerous Parental Leave & flexible vacation policy401(k) planMonthly fitness stipend for a gym membership or fitness classesMonthly public transportation stipendAt Bluecore we believe in fostering an inclusive environment in which employees feel encouraged to share their unique perspectives, leverage their strengths, and act authentically. We know that diverse teams are strong teams, and welcome those from all backgrounds and varying experiences.Bluecore is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fair hiring practices and to creating a welcoming environment for all team members. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, familial status or veteran status."
"3030464918"	"Data Insights Analyst"	"Bluecore"	2019-01-15	80	109	94	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=462861&s=58&guid=000001685326cbf18347138d43594c71&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_08d1e744&cb=1547583279106&jobListingId=3030464918"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	"Bluecore is an Inc. 500 high-growth marketing technology company. Bluecore has been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work by Glassdoor and is ranked No. 241 on the Inc. 500 List, the most prestigious ranking of the nations fastest-growing private companies. Our Retail Performance Cloud, specializing in artificial intelligence - based workflows. Our unique ability to leverage machine learning to match customer data with real-time product and behavior enables brands to build intelligent, marketing communications and personalized campaigns in seconds vs. days. More than 400 retail brands, including Staples, Perry Ellis, Teleflora, Tommy Hilfiger, and Best Buy Canada, increase their performance with less effort leveraging our products.Bluecores Data Insights and Strategy team have two key focuses - First to deliver custom deep dive analysis to our largest enterprise clients, and second to productize and scale the most relevant insights so that they can be delivered to hundreds of clients. As an Insights Analyst on the team, your job would be to mine, explore, and analyze terabytes of behavioral data and digital marketing engagement data from across 300+ retail brands to discover and deliver insights and strategy for our clients. Were looking for a highly motivated data analyst with a strong technical background and a knack for interpreting and communicating the why behind data and its application to business. We are looking for candidates with fluency in SQL, Python, and Excel, who enjoys and appreciates creative thinking, relentlessly digging into data, and turning the results into clearly communicated and compelling strategies. Youll be working closely with the other analysts and strategists on the Insights team, as well as Bluecores customer success and sales teams to deliver insights to our clients. You will be responsible for discovering, solving, and communicating the business problems that our brands face and working with our engineering teams to create automated solutions. ResponsibilitiesBuild, maintain and improve custom models that help our clients solve specific retail marketing goals such as getting buyers to buy in a new category.Design and build KPI reports and visualizations in Excel, Jupyter Notebooks, and Looker to help make our teams and clients successful.Work with the analysts and strategists to help form strategies based on our insights to help our clients reach their business goals.Track and monitor the performance of our strategy recommendations. Provide recommendations for optimizations.Work with customers and internal customer success and sales teams to discover the challenges faced by our clients.Work with engineers to generalize and automate analysis developed on Jupyter Notebooks, Excel, and Looker using tools such as Pandas, Airflow, Google BigQuery, and CloudSQL.RequirementsPosition is located in our New York City office. Bachelors degree in analytical fields such as Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics preferred.2+ years experience in business analysis, consulting, data analysis or other similarly analytical roles, preferably related with large datasets.Retail e-commerce analytics experience is a plus.Ability to operate comfortably and effectively in a fast-paced, highly cross-functional, rapidly changing environment.Experience with R, Python or other languages for data analysis is a must.Fluency in SQL and Python a must.Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.Excellent communication skills for cross-team collaboration.Experience creating dashboards with Looker, Periscope, and other similar data visualization tools required.Knowledge of statistics a plus.BenefitsAmazing team environment recognized by Glassdoor and other culture assessment companies. Certified great places to work by the Great Place to Work InstituteCome work with passionate, energetic, curious people solving customer problemsCompetitive compensation package including salary and comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insuranceEquity in a rapidly growing, early-stage Inc. 500 marketing technology growth companyGenerous Parental Leave & flexible vacation policy401(k) planMonthly fitness stipend for a gym membership or fitness classesMonthly public transportation stipendAt Bluecore we believe in fostering an inclusive environment in which employees feel encouraged to share their unique perspectives, leverage their strengths, and act authentically. We know that diverse teams are strong teams, and welcome those from all backgrounds and varying experiences.Bluecore is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fair hiring practices and to creating a welcoming environment for all team members. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, familial status or veteran status."
"2998057701"	"Data Analyst, Brand Solutions"	"Criteo"	2019-01-12	79	107	94	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=109&ao=133065&s=58&guid=000001685326c433b52f288ca7e86cd1&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_4b09060a&cb=1547583277350&jobListingId=2998057701"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	"Who we areAt Criteo, we are building the advertising platform of choice for the open Internet, an ecosystem that favors neutrality, transparency and inclusiveness. With more than 1.4 billion active shoppers and $600 billion in annual commerce sales, we deliver performance at scale. Founded in a Paris start-up incubator, Criteo now carries out our entrepreneurial spirit across 30+ global offices. Do you want to have an impact on more than half of the worlds internet users? Join us and be part of something big. A Data Analyst on the Analytics (AX) team is a key player in understanding every aspect of Criteos complex business. This role interfaces across the organization to answer challenging analytical questions related to the performance of Criteo Sponsored Products. The scope involves both technically rigorous work, including the use of leading-edge data analysis technologies, and daily interaction with other cross-functional business units as well as external clients.What you'll doAs a member of Analytics, you will be joining a team that is growing and in spotlight with focus to turn rich data into actionable insights. We are looking for an experienced individual who enjoys collaborating with various Executives, Account Management, Sales, and Marketing to help them make data driven decisions. Whether you are delivering clear and actionable insights to advertisers or retailers, analyzing customer behavior and trends, setting up testing, or data mining you will be working with sharp individuals leveraging cutting edge technology and mining multi-terabyte datasets. You have a proven track record of strength in quantitative analysis, are committed to rapidly advancing in your career, and have a strong interest in learning and shaping e-commerce retail.Who you are[MUST HAVE] 2+ years professional experience generating insights from large datasets[MUST HAVE] Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills with exceptional attention to detail[MUST HAVE] Strong business communication skills [MUST BE] Listener, collaborator and team player[MUST HAVE] Proficient writing SQL or SAS or Python or R or any data mining software.[PREFERRED] Familiarity to Ad Technology or Display Technology or web technology or Online retail[PREFERRED] Understanding of digital marketing concepts (CPC, CTR, ROAS, etc.)Strong educational background: Bachelor/Master degree in Mathematics, Engineering, Statistics, Economics, or ScienceAt Criteo, we dare to be different. We believe that diversity fuels innovation and creates an energy that can be seen and felt all over Criteo. We champion different perspectives and are committed to creating a workplace where all Criteos are heard and feel a sense of belonging.Criteo collects your personal data for the purposes of managing Criteo's recruitment related activities. Consequently, Criteo may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants. Your information will be accessible to the different Criteo entities across the world. By clicking the \"Apply\" button you expressly give your consent."
"3056171040"	"Analyst - Analytics and Business Intelligence"	"Crossmedia"	2019-01-09	92	129	111	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=120&ao=4120&s=58&guid=000001685326cbf18347138d43594c71&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_086d08c1&cb=1547583279107&jobListingId=3056171040"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	" Analyst - Analytics and Business Intelligence12-11-2018The analytics group provides resources across the “equity” to the “response” side of the continuum of brand and media management. The media analytics world is moving towards addressable 1:1 measurement based on an increasingly digitized environment and exposure identifiable at an individual level. We are passionate about the possibilities of media accountability within this evolving paradigm. We are also be acutely aware of the limitations and inaccuracies of the default measurement solutions in the industry and want to push into potentially uncomfortable areas to challenge them. We employ multiple traditional and non-traditional methods and data sources to tackle challenges concerning consumer insights, brand equity, media attribution, media accountability, data dashboarding and advanced modeling. As a member of the analytics team, you will work closely with a Senior Analyst and DIrector in reviewing the team’s project briefs and partnering with the New Business and Account Teams to help solve current and prospective client strategic problems. This is a significant responsibility as the agency looks to the Analytics group for much direction and strategic thinking. Confidence will come from a varied background in a combination of: brand management, management consulting, communications strategy and media analytics.  In this role, you will be working predominantly with one of our premier clients, Capital Group (www.capitalgroup.com). Capital Group is a financial services company. It ranks among the world’s oldest and largest investment management organizations with $1.87 trillion in assets under management. Founded in Los Angeles, California in 1931, it is privately held and has offices around the globe in the Americas, Asia, Australia and Europe.  Capital offers a range of products, including more than 40 mutual funds through its subsidiary, American Funds, as well as separately managed accounts (or collective investment trusts), private equity, investment services for high net worth investors in the U.S., and a range of other offerings for institutional clients and individual investors globally. IDEALLY YOU…Enjoy the creative process of solving problems collaborativelyAren’t afraid to share your thoughts if there’s a different way to do something betterThrive in team settings and willing to compromise their point of view in support of othersVery adaptable to fluid change and an entrepreneurial environmentDon’t mind rolling your sleeves up for data cleansing, data visualization and analysisAre comfortable with frequently leading client presentationsCan weave a story from thousands of data pointsLove collaborating with teams and multiple departments/agenciesHave solid organizational skills including attention to detail and multi-tasking agilityBelieve good thinking can come from anyone and any placeWork with team on strategic discussions to help our client, Capital Group, to help define media objectives, target customers & opportunity sizing, communication channels, optimal budget allocations and investment levels, media timing, and messaging.Translate clients’ business questions into an actionable data and research plan.Generate quantitative and qualitative consumer and market research including:Demographic, psychographic, and behavioral customer profilingMedia channel coverage, penetration, receptivityBrand health deep divesCompetitive analysisCategory trendsTransform raw data into engaging visuals and compelling stories. You will bring data and research to life for clients and choose the best visuals and mediums to deliver your message.Help develop and innovate Crossmedia’s data and analytics offerings. Keep us on the cutting edge of data tools and technology. .Click here for more"
"3055963540"	"Senior Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Dataminr"	2019-01-09	119	157	136	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=114&ao=337462&s=58&guid=000001685326cbf18347138d43594c71&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_299ad2d2&cb=1547583279107&jobListingId=3055963540"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	"Type: Full TimeWho we are: We are Dataminr. We deliver real-time, actionable alerts that are derived from vast amounts of publicly available information. Our clients are the first to know about high-impact events and critical breaking information, giving them the opportunity to act faster and stay one step ahead when every second counts. We are a mission-driven company committed to the power of real-time information as a force for good in the world.  Our groundbreaking AI and machine learning technology cuts through the noise in an increasingly complex landscape by detecting, classifying, and determining the significance of public information. Headquartered in NYC, Dataminr has revolutionized the way that global news, finance, public sector, corporate security and PR/communications professionals know and act on critical, relevant information to protect people, assets and brands.  Along the way, we've grown to over 450 talented employees across six global offices, raised over $570 million from leading venture and growth technology investors, and been referred to as the \"super tool of journalists and hedge funds.\" We've received numerous awards and accolades from our clients, including recognition from CNBC as one of the world's 50 most disruptive private technology companies in 2016 and joining Forbes' definitive list of the top 100 private cloud companies in the world, in 2017 and 2018.  A career at Dataminr offers the ability to make a meaningful impact at a rapidly growing tech company with a startup culture, while being supported by the experience of a company founded in 2009. We value ownership, curiosity and drive on an individual level and live these values every day. We empower everyone to have a voice at the table and regularly invest in professional development. Our culture promotes cross team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it enables us to do our best work and have fun. Who you are: You're an experienced and technical Senior Business Intelligence Analyst interested in applying your quantitative skills to challenging questions within a data-intensive, information SAAS business that drives innovation across multiple sectors. You have worked closely with senior executives in a highly analytical role (data analysis and visualization, business or marketing analysis, optimization problems) understanding and refining key metrics and their relationships to measure business success. You develop warm relationships with stakeholders and enjoy helping them understand metric trade-offs as you drive influential decisions forward and create impactful change. You excel when you are extracting meaning from complex and big datasets and you have ample technical experience with optimizing SQL, BI platforms, and using Python and R to transform granular event data into aggregated insights [bonus for experience with Spark, SCALA, Redshift, Vertica or Presto]. You communicate your insights both verbally and visually, you are comfortable managing your own work while juggling multiple priorities in a rapidly-growing organization and you naturally build effective partnerships across organizational and functional boundaries in order to deliver high-quality and impactful results. The opportunity: Data Analysts at Dataminr continuously improve the accuracy and efficiency of our analytics and reporting infrastructure. We drive process optimizations forward and provide an analytical framework for the insights that inform product, marketing, sales, and business decisions across the company. This is an opportunity to shape the next generation of our analytics platform including the evaluation of AI features. You'll work to refine what we measure and how we interpret and use that data to inform business decisions. To do this, you'll use a combination of 3rd party and homegrown BI tooling to transform raw data into meaningful insights informed by best practices in data governance and analytical techniques. You'll identify metrics that enable high quality understanding of the performance of the company's key initiatives and then work with our BI and Analytics Engineers to implement the corresponding custom metrics, dashboards and tooling that measure and track performance. You'll work with individual teams to enhance their use of data to improve efficiencies and you'll continually teach what you learn to others.  In the first month, you'll start off by learning the ropes, spending time with different parts of the company to understand how Dataminr works.get up to speed on our company metrics, our data structures and our BI tooling with overview sessions and deep dives with your team.contribute code to production systems. Within 3 months, you'll: Help to plan new metrics and refinements to existing metrics.share responsibility for BI projects with other members of your team.begin to take more of a role in helping others understand our BI strategy. Within 6 months, you'll: own BI initiatives that impact multiple teams.be influential in helping plan the next iterations of our BI tooling.bring new ideas to our engineering and BI processes to help us improve constantly.The way we work: To maintain our momentum, we need a talented, diverse team of people committed to the idea that real-time information can be a force for good in the world. We take initiative, ownership, and are accountable.We work urgently and thoughtfully and are driven to constantly improve.We share knowledge, consider varied perspectives, and assume positive intent.We are commercially minded and deliver measurable results.We maintain a sense of humor and humility.Our offering of competitive benefits and perks include:Company paid benefits for employees and their dependents, such as medical, dental, vision, disability and lifeFlexible spending account to be used for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses401(k) savings plan with company matchingGenerous leaveDaily catered lunchA kitchen fully stocked with snacks and beveragesDiscounted Gym MembershipDataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.#LI-ID"
"2998160067"	"Senior Data Analyst"	"Dataminr"	2019-01-12	93	122	106	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=103&ao=337462&s=58&guid=000001685326c433b52f288ca7e86cd1&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_dbdbb670&cb=1547583277349&jobListingId=2998160067"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	"Who we are: We are Dataminr. We deliver real-time, actionable alerts that are derived from vast amounts of publicly available information. Our clients are the first to know about high-impact events and critical breaking information, giving them the opportunity to act faster and stay one step ahead when every second counts. We are a mission-driven company committed to the power of real-time information as a force for good in the world.  Our groundbreaking AI and machine learning technology cuts through the noise in an increasingly complex landscape by detecting, classifying, and determining the significance of public information. Headquartered in NYC, Dataminr has revolutionized the way that global news, finance, public sector, corporate security and PR/communications professionals know and act on critical, relevant information to protect people, assets and brands.  Along the way, we've grown to over 450 talented employees across six global offices, raised over $570 million from leading venture and growth technology investors, and been referred to as the \"super tool of journalists and hedge funds.\" We've received numerous awards and accolades from our clients, including recognition from CNBC as one of the world's 50 most disruptive private technology companies in 2016 and joining Forbes' definitive list of the top 100 private cloud companies in the world, in 2017 and 2018.  A career at Dataminr offers the ability to make a meaningful impact at a rapidly growing tech company with a startup culture, while being supported by the experience of a company founded in 2009. We value ownership, curiosity and drive on an individual level and live these values every day. We empower everyone to have a voice at the table and regularly invest in professional development. Our culture promotes cross team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it enables us to do our best work and have fun. Who you are: You are a dedicated Data Analyst who is eager to study the use of social media in support of our technological developments. You are innovative and adaptable, with an ability to juggle multiple projects at one time. You have a high level of technical skill, but even more importantly have an analytical mindset and are excited to learn more about the programs and tools that make our Data Analysts a diverse and capable component of Dataminr. You will work hand-in-hand with domain experts, product managers, engineers, and other teams to solve challenging problems with your data analysis skills. Responsibilities:Guide the development of reports, dashboards, and metrics to monitor the performance of our internal productsDevelop core metrics and actionable KPIsEffectively translate statistical findings into actionable recommendations for senior leaders on domain expert, product, and engineering teams.Communicate complex ideas in a clear, precise, accessible way to domain expert, product, engineering, and data science teams.Required Skills & Experience:At least 3-5 years experience in Data Analytics3 years experience in PythonSuccess creating and implementing dashboardsLeveraging data to tell a storyDesired Skills & Experience:Experience in one or more object oriented programming language (Java, Scala or Python preferred), and ability to work on projects with minimal supportExcellent attention to detail, highly organized and process orientedExcellent verbal and written communication skills, and the ability to convey complex results to non-technical audiencesSelf-motivated with an ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environmentAbility to work both independently and collaboratively within a teamOur offering of competitive benefits and perks include:Company paid benefits for employees and their dependents, such as medical, dental, vision, disability and lifeFlexible spending account to be used for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses401(k) savings plan with company matchingGenerous leaveDaily catered lunchA kitchen fully stocked with snacks and beveragesDiscounted Gym MembershipDataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.#LI-ID"
"3086614675"	"HBO Manager, Home Entertainment Operations & Logistics"	"HBO"	2019-01-15	75	131	99	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=433326&s=58&guid=000001685326cbf18347138d43594c71&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_3f875c5a&cb=1547583279107&jobListingId=3086614675"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	" \",\"AnswerValue\":\"OVERALL SUMMARY The Distribution Operations & Logistics Manager is member of HBO’s Global Distribution department, working with HBO’s internal and external partners to deliver the best products in electronic sell-through, and DVD/BD packaged media worldwide. The manager will track various components within the supply chain for both physical and digital products, supporting multiple operations and partner integration teams to help ensure the timely release of all content to multiple distribution points. This role requires an experienced professional who can manage multiple projects, is data-oriented, and can deliver in a deadline-driven environment. A successful candidate will also have the ability to adapt in an evolving industry, assuming new or different responsibilities as needed. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIESDay-to-Day Operations:Help develop and manage a reporting and tracking process for all components within the various product supply chains for physical and digital distributionSource data from various business systems to develop clear and focused reports and presentations for multiple teams based on a variety of business needsManage inventory reporting to ensure finished goods and components meet demandBuild & maintain BOMs (Bill of Materials) for each product SKUProvide ad hoc analysis on title performance, delivery metrics and other data as neededUnderstand and adapt processes according to changes in business requirementsDevelop and maintain relationships within HBO technology team and business teams and with distribution partnersREQUIREMENTSStrategic, creative, critical thinkerStrong knowledge in Microsoft ExcelStrong knowledge in Business Intelligence systems such as Business Objects and SAP preferredBachelor’s degree required5 years of strategic and tactical experience in Operations, Supply Chain Management, Inventory Control, Project Management, Purchasing, Digital Distribution or Consumer Packaged Goods businesses."
"3083339976"	"Wealth Management, Business Intelligence Client Analytics:..."	"JPMorgan Chase"	2019-01-10	90	138	113	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=212128&s=58&guid=000001685326cbf18347138d43594c71&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_f0c8d078&cb=1547583279107&jobListingId=3083339976"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	" SunIRef:Sales:title  Wealth Management, Business Intelligence & Client Analytics: Marketing and Sales Enablement, Vice President - New York, NY 10017 - **********  Find Jobs  Company Reviews  Find Salaries  Find Resumes  Employers / Post Job  Upload your resume  Sign in  Home  whatjob title, keywords, or company  wherecity, state, or zip code  Find Jobs  Advanced Job Search  Wealth Management, Business Intelligence & Client Analytics: Marketing and Sales Enablement, Vice President  JP Morgan Chase  21,642 reviews New York, NY 10017 JP Morgan Chase  21,642 reviews  Read what people are saying about working here.  Asset and Wealth Management  J.P. Morgan is a global leader in asset and wealth management services. The Asset & Wealth Management line of business serves institutional, ultra high net worth, high net worth and individual clients through its Asset Management and Wealth Management businesses. With client assets of $2.8 trillion and assets under management of $2.0 trillion, we are one of the largest asset and wealth managers in the world. (Assets as of June 30, 2018.)  Throughout its long and distinguished history, Asset & Wealth Management has been steadfastly committed to putting its clients' interests first. This fiduciary responsibility defines our relationship with clients and informs every decision we make on their behalf. The Asset & Wealth Management business is also guided by its strategic objective and business priorities.  Wealth Management  J.P. Morgan offers expertise across wealth management disciplines to help clients advance towards their goals. By consistently keeping our clients informed, focusing on risk-adjusted returns and rapidly adjusting to tactical opportunities and risks, we stand by our clients through market cycles. J.P. Morgan's wealth management and solutions are provided through the Private Bank and J.P. Morgan Securities Corporation.  Provides an exceptional breadth and depth of wealth management solutions, including investing, wealth structuring, capital advisory, philanthropy and banking  More than a century of experience helping the world's wealthiest individuals and their families grow, manage and sustain their wealth to ultimately leave a lasting legacy  Bank products and services are offered through JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its affiliates. Securities are offered by J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., member FINRA, NYSE and SIPC. J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. is an affiliate of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  J.P. Morgan Private Bank is the marketing name for the private banking business conducted by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries worldwide.  Summary of Responsibilities  The Wealth Management Global Business Intelligence team is focused on using data to identify and optimize sales productivity and business development efforts and drive development of marketing strategies. The team oversees the entire lifecycle from acquisition to analytics to delivery of increased ROI, new business and sales growth.  As part of this broader group, the Business Intelligence & Client Analytics team's mission is to partner with the Wealth Management business (U.S. and International Private Bank, JPMS) to shape distribution strategies through data-driven insights, and to embed these analytical processes into the organization's decision-making framework to continually improve and evolve the insights delivered to the business. The team works closely with sales management, advisors and the marketing team to drive these strategies and foster change management. Qualifications: We are looking for a multi-talented, high-energy individual that will work closely with the business to deliver high value and high impact analytics to help shape strategy to drive sales activities and marketing strategies. The ideal candidate will have the following skills/competencies:  5+ years experience working with large consumer datasets and third party data sources  Extensive experience manipulating, exploring, analyzing, and visualizing data in Python, R, or SAS  Proficiency in SQL and ability to write complex queries and pull data from various sources (flat file, Teradata, Greenplum, Hadoop)  Experience using data visualization tools (Tableau, Qlikview, Javascript) and the ability to clearly communicate the results of complex analysis to business partners  Very high proficiency with MS Project, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, and/or other common project and business communication software  Resiliency and perseverance to solve data and analytical obstacles  Detail oriented to ensure data is clean and work is precise  Experience in list targeting and running suppressions.  Experience in outlining data and analytics that will yield impactful results  Previous experience using data visualization tools to present complex data to business partners  Excellent presentation skills and experience presenting to senior management teams  Familiarity and comfort with CRM systems  Experience building dashboards of key performance indicators and MIS to measure business, sales and marketing impacts  Strong project management/delivery skills  Previous experience in financial services industry and/or wealth management a plus  Strong time management and organizational skills to manage multiple priorities  Ability to adapt to shifting priorities and timelines by utilizing problem-solving skills  Proactive attitude in managing stakeholder satisfaction to position and secure customer success  Education: Bachelors degree in mathematics or statistics preferred  JPMorgan Chase - 5 hours ago - report job - original job  On Company Site  Save this job"
"2993942811"	"Senior Strategic Analyst / Data Scientist"	"Memorial Sloan-Kettering"	2019-01-09	119	177	145	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=314590&s=149&guid=000001685326c4338015bbafec7bc8c6&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_a52638c9&cb=1547583277315&jobListingId=2993942811"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	" Company OverviewAt Memorial Sloan Kettering (MSK), we’re not only changing the way we treat cancer, but also the way the world thinks about it. By working together and pushing forward with innovation and discovery, we’re driving excellence and improving outcomes. For the 28th year, MSK has been named a top hospital for cancer by U.S. News & World Report. We are proud to be on Becker’s Healthcare list as one of the 150 Great Places to Work in Healthcare in 2018, as well as one of Glassdoor’s Employees’ Choice Best Place to Work for 2018. We’re treating cancer, one patient at a time. Join us and make a difference every day. Job DescriptionAre you passionate about using data to shape strategic business decisions? Do you want to utilize your analytical skills to support MSK's mission? Do you want to be part of a team that was awarded the INFORMS Prize for “repeatedly applying the principles of advanced analytics and operations research / management science in groundbreaking, varied, novel, and lasting ways”? We care deeply about solving meaningful problems that will measurably impact the lives of MSK’s patients and staff. We are seeking a Data Scientist / Senior Strategic Analyst who will serve as a champion for data-driven decision-making within Marketing & Communications, particularly for programs to strengthen MSK’s relationships with physicians and partners in the tri-state area, across the US, and internationally.Embedded Analytics ProgramThis position is part of our Embedded Analytics Program, wherein Strategy & Innovation analysts are embedded in operational departments and immersed in their challenges. Embedded Analytics allows for the best of both worlds: being a full member of an operational team to truly understand their needs and ensure sustainable implementation of work, while still being part of a diverse and energizing community of analytics experts. We support technical and business skill development in a variety of ways, including conferences and external workshops, internal training and journal clubs, creating analytical tools and best practices, and developing our own in-house R package.Department of Communications & MarketingAs a leader in cancer treatment and research for more than 130 years, MSK sets an equally high standard for the effectiveness of our communications and marketing efforts. Our focus is on generating demand for MSK services and active consideration of MSK as the best place for cancer treatment, research, and education. The team encompasses public relations, social media, web content, digital tools, consumer marketing and advertising, business-to-business communications, and research insights.You will:Serve as an analytical thought partner to Communications leadership, especially the Senior VP, Director of Business/Physician Relations, Director of CRM, and Director of Digital CommunicationsBecome deeply versed in the operational needs of Communications and own the strategic roadmap for iteratively developing analytical products in support of those needsIndependently manage individual analytical products and projects from \"question to answer\" including problem framing, data collection and validation, exploratory analysis, statistical modeling, visualization, and synthesisEffectively communicate actionable insights and see them through to implementationSample projects include:Developing a global data model of the network of international physicians from disparate and often conflicting sourcesAnalyzing the relative impact of business-to-business programs (e.g. continuing medical education, newsletters, observership programs) on referrals and patient volumesLeveraging patient behavioral and outcomes data to continually improve our digital engagement platform for prospective patientsCollaborating with the customer relationship management (CRM) team to set up our analytical environment within Salesforce and develop segmentation and targeting strategiesQualifications:We are looking for an analytics professional who has both deep technical skills and a passion for applying them to real-world problems in partnership with non-technical partners. Our successful analysts typically have the below qualifications:A proven track record (4+ years of experience) of using analytics and data science to impact key business decisions.You've built reproducible analyses using R, Python, or a similar languageYou're deeply comfortable with relational databases and SQLYou know how to choose the right technical approach for a question (from a statistical model to a dashboard and everything in between) and know that the simplest solution is often the bestYou're a storyteller, able to synthesize knowledge from a variety of sources and clearly communicate complex topics to non-technical audiencesYou're curious and self-motivated, and you thrive when working autonomously. You know when to run with something and when to ask for help.You have a solid understanding of common statistical methods (especially regression and probability)You have a bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field (statistics, economics, operations research, mathematics, etc.) or equivalent training, fellowship, or work experience#LI-KT1 ClosingMSK is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, religion, creed, disability, veteran status or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment."
"3086653978"	"Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Morgan Stanley"	2019-01-15	78	106	89	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=106&ao=134550&s=58&guid=000001685326cbf18347138d43594c71&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_bc629056&cb=1547583279107&jobListingId=3086653978"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	" Company Profile  Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management and wealth management services. The firm's employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments and individuals from more than 1,200 offices in 43 countries.  As a market leader, the talent and passion of our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic. Morgan Stanley can provide a superior foundation for building a professional career -- a place for people to learn, to achieve and grow. A philosophy that balances personal lifestyles, perspectives and needs is an important part of our culture.  Department Profile  Corporate Services provides a robust portfolio of global services utilized daily across the firm to enable productivity, efficiency, safety, optimized business models and an enhanced employee experience in the workplace. We have over 5,000 staff managing a multi-billion dollar scope of services including Real Estate and Location Strategy; Real Estate Portfolio and Transaction Management; Property Management; Corporate Travel; Corporate Security & Investigations; Corporate Information Management; and Regional Client Services; and Office of the COO.  The Business Intelligence Analyst will support the development of the Global BI Data & Analytics platform within the Morgan Stanley’s Real Estate and Location Strategy group. They will work directly with subject matter experts (SMEs) to develop and maintain dashboard reporting and business analytics. They will assist in the development of dashboard modules within the BI tool kit that provides end users with relevant metrics and analytics to manage the corporate real estate portfolio. In addition to technical responsibilities, the ability to work on a team, in a highly collaborative environment is required. The ability to communicate with stakeholders is also required. An understanding of corporate real estate is preferred.  Analytical/Data Management Skills: Ability to analyze data, determine trends and develop metricsDesign, develop and implement Business Intelligence (BI) solutions under the direction of the BI ManagerExtract data from databases and data warehousesStandardize data collection by developing methods for database design and validation reportsCreate QA test cases/test steps to ensure data integrity across all performance-based metrics and quality assurance of BI outputWork with end users to ensure user acceptance testing and a complete delivery of reporting/analysis solutionStatistical knowledge and/or Six Sigma expertiseWork with IT to identify and import new data into the Corporate Services’ data warehouseBuild prototypes for demonstration and illustration purposes for peer groups and partnersCollaborate with others regarding data/table structures to optimize Tableau Dashboards and other self-service needsImprove current processes and develop efficiencies by applying best practicesAbility to meet deadlines, prioritize work and handle multiple tasksAbility to work independently as well as in a team environment  Technical Skills:Highly skilled in developing Tableau dashboardsVBA programming, PIVOT table development, and in-depth knowledge of EXCEL functions and formulasProficient in the use of Structured Query Language (SQL), BOXI, and other reporting toolsStrong PC skills, particularly spreadsheet (Excel) and presentation (PowerPoint) expertise  Communication Skills:Build, document, and communicate user requirementsInterpret and communicate information for consumption by a non-technical audienceClearly communicate and drive discussions on data structure with business and technology partnersDocument and communicate technical specifications to ensure database queries and final deliverables are understoodEffective written and verbal communication skills"
"2756076638"	"Data Analyst"	"New York Times"	2019-01-09	83	115	100	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=242900&s=58&guid=000001685326c433b52f288ca7e86cd1&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_21a3f0de&cb=1547583277350&jobListingId=2756076638"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	"Job DescriptionAbout the position: Wirecutter is seeking a Data Analyst to join our small-but-growing Finance and Data group. The data team is responsible for data analytics, data engineering, and data science for TheWirecutter.com. This is an interdisciplinary role that works with stakeholders across the company, including senior leadership. Why you should apply: We’re pioneering a new type of service journalism and if you’re savvy and experienced in web analytics, ecommerce, affiliate marketing or any combination of the above you will have a unique opportunity to help shape how we improve our readers’ lives. As the Data Analyst, you will play a key role in helping us understand our readers and informing the direction of our business by defining, monitoring and analyzing essential web analytics and business metrics and communicating appropriate findings with recommended actions to stakeholders. About Wirecutter: Founded by journalists fed up with the time and energy it takes to shop, Wirecutter developed a simpler approach to giving buying advice: just tell people exactly what to get in one single guide. The company’s purpose: to help people find great things, quickly and easily. Through rigorous testing, research, reporting, and whatever means necessary, they create straightforward recommendations that save readers from unnecessary stress, time, and effort. We then monetize these guides by enabling our readers to easily purchase the products they are interested in. Locations: Even with offices in New York City and Los Angeles, Wirecutter remains a highly remote culture, and open to employing people across the country (and in Canada!). Right now, we are eligible to hire in CA, CT, CO, DC, FL, GA, IL, MA, ME, MI, MN, NV, NY, NC, OR, PA, TX, VA, HI, NH, MO<U+200B>, WA. If you live outside of these states but are still interested in working with Wirecutter, you are welcome to apply, and we will keep your information on file for future opportunities. Responsibilities:Maintain ongoing reporting that paints a picture of the “pulse” of our businessProactively analyze data to answer key questions from stakeholders or out of self-initiated curiosity with an eye for what drives business performanceAbility to understand the business operations as a whole and translate questions into effective analysis based on the goals behind the specific asksCommunicate findings effectively and translate them into recommended actions appropriate for each area of the businessDesign and build automated reporting dashboards on our BI platformQualifications:Excellent verbal and written communication skillsComfortable deconstructing complex and open-ended problems which may not yield a clear cut solutionAbility to work independently and to carry out assignments to completion based on the original goals with minimal supervision4-year degree in statistics or related field3+ years of experience in a data analyst role at an affiliate marketing, e-commerce company, or online publisher3+ years of experience using SQL is required1+ year of experience designing and building automated reporting dashboards with a data visualization tool such as Tableau or similarProficient with statistical analysis tools such as R or similarGoogle Analytics certification or equivalent experienceDemonstrated ability to work collaboratively in a multi-disciplinary teamStrong interest in Wirecutter’s missionCulture and benefits at The New York Times Company and Wirecutter:Though Wirecutter has physical locations in both NYC and LA, the company promotes and encourages a remote workforce, so that our employees can work in flexible and comfortable ways.We are committed to career development, supported by a formal mentoring program as well as tuition reimbursement. The New York Times Company offers frequent panel discussions and talks by industry leaders (Sheryl Sandberg, Melinda Gates and Ta-Nehisi Coates are a few recent examples), that we encourage our employees to attend.We believe diversity fuels innovation and creativity, and we have a variety of employee groups and task forces across The New York Times Company and Wirecutter dedicated to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace.We offer a generous parental leave policy, which was recently expanded in response to employee feedback. Birth mothers receive 16 weeks fully paid, adoptive parents and birth fathers receive 10 weeks also fully paid. Similarly, we offer competitive health and dental insurance, as well as 401k matching. #LI-HK1 The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply.The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics."
"3084185399"	"Financial Crimes Unit Technology Experienced Associate"	"PwC"	2019-01-11	82	119	94	3.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=125&ao=380244&s=58&guid=000001685326cbf18347138d43594c71&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_c88eeb8a&cb=1547583279107&jobListingId=3084185399"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	" A career in our Analytics Technology practice, within Data and Analytics Technology services, will provide you with the opportunity to help organisations uncover enterprise insights and drive business results using smarter data analytics. We focus on a collection of organisational technology capabilities, including business intelligence, data management, and data assurance that help our clients drive innovation, growth, and change within their organisations in order to keep up with the changing nature of customers and technology. Youll make impactful decisions by mixing mind and machine to leverage data, understand and navigate risk, and help our clients gain a competitive edge.  Our team helps clients navigate various analytics applications to get the most value out of their technology investment and foster confidence in their business intelligence. As part of our team, youll help our clients implement enterprise content and data management applications that improve operational effectiveness and provide impactful data analytics and insights. Responsibilities As an Associate, youll work as part of a team of problem solvers with extensive consulting and industry experience, helping our clients solve their complex business issues from strategy to execution. Specific responsibilities include but are not limited to: Proactively assist the team in various aspects of the projectPrepare deliverablesContribute to the development of your own and teams technical acumenKeep up to date with local and national business and economic issuesEnsure you are adhering to compliance mattersWork on developing internal relationships and your PwC brandJob Requirements and Preferences: Basic Qualifications:Minimum Degree Required: Bachelor Degree Minimum Years of Experience: 1 year(s) Preferred Qualifications:Degree Preferred: Bachelor Degree Preferred Fields of Study: Computer and Information Science, Computer Engineering, Computer Management, Management Information Systems, Information Technology Preferred Knowledge/Skills: Demonstrates some knowledge and/or a proven record of success within the following areas: Consulting in the financial crimes space and working in a regulatory environment;Utilizing AML systems (including data mapping and profiling, and system tuning and optimization), and leading sanctions and RPA systems, and implementation of these systems; and,Using one or more of the following: of SQL, SAS, R, Python, Ruby, QlikView, Tibco Spotfire, and Tableau. Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success within the following areas: Writing and delivering proposals to prospective clients, including leveraging PC applications including Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Project and other related firm-issued tools;Demonstrating aptitude for conducting quantitative and qualitative analyses of large and complex data, as it relates to the project requirements in the financial crimes space; and,Supporting practice management for a specific operation or process in a consultative environment.All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer."
"2950823148"	"Business Intelligence Developer"	"RB"	2019-01-09	82	118	95	3.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=186603&s=58&guid=000001685326cbf18347138d43594c71&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_b465db18&cb=1547583279107&jobListingId=2950823148"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	"RB is the world’s leading consumer health and hygiene company. We work with the best people to challenge conventional thinking and keep giving people innovative solutions for healthier lives and happier homes, through our brands.A fantastic opportunity is available for an enthusiastic and experienced Business Intelligence Developer to join our Ecommerce team in Parsippany, NJ.Are you looking to be at the forefront of driving change and growth for some of the world biggest brands? As a member of the RB Ecommerce team, you will be an integral part of driving this change & growth within a rapidly evolving industry. We are looking for entrepreneurial minded individuals with backgrounds in Data Science, Business Intelligence, and Data Engineering that can improve our data ecosystem, streamline efficiencies across systems, automate business processes, and achieve brilliant results. RB is seeking individuals who are looking to work in this new space to help define how we look at data for the future and help find answers to problems that we’ve never asked ourselves before. These individuals will be: • Collaborate with Data Engineers and Software Engineers to implement the data architecture and design of ecommerce data• Consult with Sales, Marketing, and Finance teams to identify data needs• Own the development and maintenance of backend data systems and reporting• Own implementation of self-service analytics capabilities for stakeholders (e.g. PowerBI & Tableau dashboards) • Ad hoc analysis of developer and customer engagement• Use statistical and Machine Learning techniques to find what matters most and apply your knowledge about data science by creating algorithmic solutions to make necessary assessments.• Perform detailed analyses on our online customer in order to make recommendations on how to increase business growth. The data scientist will focus on blending various data sources and applying machine learning models and data mining techniques to create these insights and new processes.Basic Qualifications• Degree in Computer Science, Business Intelligence, Mathematics, Statistics, or related technical field• 1 to 3 years of experience in business analytics at scale• Experience writing queries in SQL• Experience in PowerBI development • Experience in designing and implementing robust, scalable reporting systems• Experience in data mining, using databases in a business environment with large-scale data sets• Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and deal with ambiguity• Ability to clearly communicate data insights to others.• A solid grasp of the business side of technology with an understanding and zeal for metrics and analysis to deliver on business objectives.Preferred Qualifications• Experience in Machine learning• Experience in gathering requirements and formulating business metrics• Experience analyzing existing data for insights and statistical properties.• Experience with efficient and scalable dataset creation for large ML solutions.• Experience with Tableau development• Experience with data visualization software, preferably Tableau• Excellent written and verbal communication with multiple levels of leadership involving both business and technical sides of business• Experience with major programming language (i.e. Java, Python, R) and/or scripting language (Perl, Unix Shell, etc.) to process data for modeling• Experience in statistics (i.e. regression, crosstabs, and cluster analysis)• Statistics/Machine Learning with applications in R or Python.• Experience with site experimentation (A/B testing) is a plusWhy RB?• Fast paced. Tired of having to jump though endless hoops to get things done? Not here. We move fast and deliver.• Growth. Frustrated by the lack of growth opportunities in your current company? Not here¡ RB takes pride in the development and continued growth of our employees through steady rotations and promotions.• Autonomy. RM empowers you to OWN what you do.• Iconic Global Brands. http://bit.ly/RBNABrands Take a look. You´ll be surprised at how many you already have in your home. • Feel good about the Company you work for! RB is committed to making the world a better place through betterrbusiness. http://bit.ly/rbsustainability• Passport Stamps. Does working internationally interest you? Perform well and Global doors can open for you at RB. • Work with smart people. We have a talented workforce that believes in sharing ideas to help each other, and the company succeed.• Vacation. We offer 4 weeks´ vacation, 9 core Holidays and 4 floating days.• 16 weeks paid Maternity leave.• Competitive base salaries and bonuses.• Tuition reimbursement. In return, RB will offer you a very competitive salary with excellent benefits, a fast-paced working environment with incredible opportunities to develop yourself, and the chance to progress your career within a truly global organization.Apply Now for a chance to really change the game!RB is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. . "
"3025949809"	"Sr Data Analyst"	"Rent the Runway"	2019-01-10	95	125	110	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=401459&s=58&guid=000001685326c433b52f288ca7e86cd1&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_5a48188d&cb=1547583277350&jobListingId=3025949809"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	"About Rent the Runway: Recently named #9 on CNBC's Disruptor 50 list for 2018, Rent the Runway is transforming the $1.7 trillion global fashion industry by introducing clothing rental as a utility for women. We have pioneered the closet in the cloud and believe that every person globally will soon have a subscription to fashion. Since our launch in late 2009, we have raised $210M from top-tier investors and built one of the most beloved brands on earth. We are proud to be both a profitable and high-growth business, with a loyal 8 million strong customer base who share the experience of renting as being empowering and smart.  Our 1000+ employees have a revolutionary spirit that permeates our culture. We've built - proprietary technology, a one-of-a-kind reverse logistics operation, stores of the future, a viral brand, relationships with hundreds of fashion brands - and we are obsessed with continuing to game change our customer experience.  We are also trying to revolutionize entrepreneurship itself - proving that diverse teams produce outsized impact. The Rent the Runway Foundation, which our two co-founders launched together in 2015, helps thousands of female entrepreneurs build and scale their own businesses with the mission of increasing the number of high growth women-led companies. Position Overview: Data is core to our growing business and has been ingrained in the company's DNA since its founding. As a member of the Analytics team, you will collaborate with cross-functional partners on a wide range of complex problems. You'll use data to help grow and evolve the rental products that exist today and your insights will help shape the company roadmap. Responsibilities:Apply expertise in quantitative analysis and data mining to see beyond the numbers and extract actionable insights on how our customers use our different services and derive valueDevelop a deep understanding of the loyalty behavior of our customers. Understand the path to conversion and identify potential areas of opportunity.Work collaboratively with Product, Engineering and Marketing teams to develop and measure existing/new rental programs that motivate repeat usage and normalizes rental as part of our users' livesMore broadly, design and evaluate experiments that impact user behavior. Diagnose and communicate root causes of changes in user behavioral metricsBuild dashboards to showcase and disseminate key insights throughout organizationCreate reusable datasets with appropriate architecture using our complex data pipeline.Develop and share best operating practices within the Analytics teamQualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics or related technical field. Advanced degrees and specialization even better.3+ years of experience doing quantitative analysisHigh proficiency in databases (e.g: MySQL) and query languages (e.g: SQL)Experience with Tableau (reporting suite) and scripting languages (e.g: Python) preferredExperience with using packages like R to perform deeper analyses also a plusPassion for data and its fundamental ability to create valueAbility to communicate effectively with wide-range of audiencesExtremely curious and excited to dive into complex problemsTrack record of building strong relationships with cross functional partners"
"2498217759"	"Data Analyst"	"SeatGeek"	2019-01-15	75	104	89	4.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=4120&s=58&guid=000001685326c433b52f288ca7e86cd1&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_fdede287&cb=1547583277350&jobListingId=2498217759"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	"Data-driven decision making has always been important at SeatGeek. Our Analytics team helps drive strategic decision-making by providing meaningful business insights from data. We’re looking for a Data Analyst to join our growing team who can ensure the most relevant information is surfaced to each team to allow for well informed decisions. If you’re a well-rounded, business-savvy, technically capable analyst with SQL chops and a knack for figuring out complex systems fast, we’d love to talk with you.Who you are You love digging through mounds of data, but your understanding of what is relevant and your ability to communicate results in a concise way separates you from the pack. You look forward to open discussions around the “gray” area of business decisions, but aim to narrow that area with data driven insights as much as possible. You take pride in proactively providing data, analysis and findings in a collaborative manner. You also have many of the following: 2 to 4 years of relevant experience analyzing large and complex data sets, working with relational databases and writing SQLa degree in Mathematics, Economics, Statistics or another quantitative fieldadvanced working knowledge of SQL, perhaps with a side of Python or Ra keen sense of design, both in data architecture and dashboard presentation.knowledge of the transactional marketplace business model or consumer facing e-commerce products (bonus for mobile-first!)What you’ll dohelp drive strategic decision-making through detailed analysis, insights and reporting on key performance indicators (KPIs) and financial resultsinvestigate positive and negative trends in a wide array of business processescollaborate with departments across the company to understand needs while effectively prioritizing incoming requestswork with engineers and other source data experts to clean up messy data setscontinually improve visibility into benchmarks across the companycreate and maintain world class dashboards and data models in our BI platform, Looker Job Perks A culture that places the product first. We are a technology company at heart, and are proud of the idea that great technology drives great user experienceA laid-back, fun workplace designed to facilitate collaboration and company wide events$120/mo to spend on tickets to live eventsA superb benefits package, including full health/dental/visionA focus on transparency. We have regular team lunches and Q&A panels where employees can chat openly with teams across SeatGeek, our co-founders, and external guests from the industryHackathons: scheduled times when everyone drops what they’re doing and builds cool stuff in small groups Come Join Us!SeatGeek is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment regardless of race, color, religion, creed, age, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, military or veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law. As an equal opportunities employer, we recognize that diversity is a positive attribute and we welcome the differences and benefits that a diverse culture brings."
"2688986884"	"Data Engineer"	"SeatGeek"	2019-01-15	119	136	127	4.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=124&ao=358317&s=58&guid=000001685326cbf18347138d43594c71&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_b11874ac&cb=1547583279107&jobListingId=2688986884"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	" SeatGeek operates a unique business model in a complicated, opaque market. The questions we seek answers to are often not simple or clear, and the data we rely on is complex. Even the simple questions depend on careful curation of the underlying data. That's where Data Engineers come in.  Data engineers are members of SeatGeek's data science team. As a team, we share common views on experimental rigor, pragmatism, and software quality. Data engineers focus on maintaining and expanding our ecosystem of data pipelines. These pipelines provide the basis for many crucial downstream processes: complex analyses, data products, and business performance measurement. What You'll DoInvestigate and prototype different task dependency frameworks to understand the most appropriate design for a given use caseCollaborate closely with our marketing team to understand and accurately integrate marketing and application data sources into new tables for measuring customer acquisitionBuild data warehouse monitoring tools on data usage patterns to identify inefficient query behavior or candidates for archivalBuild a new stream ingestion process to efficiently send and store currently live listings as users see themSpearhead the design of the core data vocabulary used for analyzing user activity, and enforce consistency across both data producers and consumersWhat We're Looking For The ideal candidate can relay complex concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences, enjoys partnering with both business users and application developers, and has a proven ability to build systems that allow greater clarity, consistency, and efficiency in utilizing data. Experience with specific tools is less important than aptitude and drive, but at a minimum, we would expect: 3-5 years experience developing on and maintaining ETL systems, and a high level understanding of different data processing systemsExperience working cross-functionally with different business units to translate business problems into data problems and solve themComfort turning ideas into code (bonus points for experience with Python or Scala)Proficiency with analytical and operational SQL queries, and knowledge of how to optimize and troubleshoot Bonus points for candidates who have experience with or desire to learn any of the following: Streaming data/message queues (Reactive Extensions, Spark Streaming, Akka-streams, Kafka, RabbitMQ)AWS infrastructure (we use Redshift, S3, EMR, Kinesis, Lambda, and RDS)Dimensional modeling, especially in e-commerce or consumer techDatabase internals and tuning, trade-offs and benefits of different datastores (both analytical and transactional)Optimization of complex data workflows that reconcile batch and streaming dataDependency management at scale across multiple classes of data sourceThe Tools We Use You absolutelydo not need experience with all of these, but we thought you might be curious. Tools can be learned, so we care much more about your general engineering skill than knowledge of a particular language. Languages: Scala and Python for general purpose development, R for analysis and prototypingFrameworks: luigi and Airflow for dependency management, Spark on EMR for map/reduceStreaming: Spark Streaming, Kinesis (+Firehose), RabbitMQDatastores: MySQL and Postgres in production, Redshift and S3Other: AWS Lambda, Git, dbtPerks:A competitive base salary and equity stake in a well-funded growth stage companyA laid-back, fun workplace designed to facilitate collaboration and company wide events$120/mo to spend on live events ticketsA superb benefits package that supports health/dental/visionA focus on transparency. We have regular team lunches and Q&A panels where employees can chat openly with teams across SeatGeek, our co-founders, and external guests from the industryAnnual subscriptions to Citibike, Spotify, and meditation services Come Join Us!SeatGeek is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment regardless of race, color, religion, creed, age, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, military or veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law. As an equal opportunities employer, we recognize that diversity is a positive attribute and we welcome the differences and benefits that a diverse culture brings."
"3083661575"	"Business intelligence developer"	"Symphony Corporation"	2019-01-10	81	116	93	3.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=126&ao=208029&s=58&guid=000001685326cbf18347138d43594c71&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_924c8f34&cb=1547583279107&jobListingId=3083661575"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	" Business intelligence developer Duties: Minimum of 5 years experience in Business intelligence tools like Qlikview(Preferred), crystal reports Expert level experience in sql, pl/sql 1-2 years Epic experience Epic certification prefferred(Cogito, Clarity/ caboodle data model, ambulatory) Interested candidates please send their resumes in word format with two references, availability, expected compensation. Remuneration is not a limiting factor for the right candidate. - provided by Dice  EPIC Cogito, Clarity, Ambulatory, SQL, PL/SQL, Qlikview, Crystal Reports  Associated topics: business, business analyst, business systems, business systems analyst, consult, customer, marketing, sales, sap, senior consultant"
"2955061037"	"Analytics & Insights Senior Data Analyst"	"Uber"	2019-01-11	113	146	126	4.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=125&ao=134571&s=58&guid=000001685326c433b52f288ca7e86cd1&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_9a785bcc&cb=1547583277350&jobListingId=2955061037"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	" At Uber, we ignite opportunity by setting the world in motion. We take on big problems to help drivers, riders, delivery partners, and eaters get moving in more than 600 cities around the world.  We welcome people from all backgrounds who seek the opportunity to help build a future where everyone and everything can move independently. If you have the curiosity, passion, and collaborative spirit, work with us, and let’s move the world forward, together. About the Role As a member of the Uber Eats Analytics & Insights team, the Senior Data Analyst will drive the analyses behind decisions related to our community's support experience and management of Uber Eats Restaurant support. You’ll work with a cross functional team of product managers, business leaders, and Uber’s customer support network to address the complex challenges of scaling our business while building out a world-class support network for our restaurant partners.  The Senior Data Analyst will play a big part in developing our strategy to scale restaurant support as we develop onboarding, engagement and retention strategies. You will apply advanced analytics skills like experimental design and statistical modeling, along with advanced reporting through R and Python.  The ideal candidate for this role has excellent analytical and time-management skills, with the ability to communicate and present information for stakeholders at all levels of the business. You should apply for this position if you possess a passion for improving techniques, processes, tracking, analytical insights and technology used by restaurant support team to achieve our bold goals. What You’ll DoOwn data analysis and visualization, and communicate the outcomes/insights to various stakeholders including senior management to aid strategic decisions for improvements in support experience for drivers and ridersCoordinate with other members of the Community Operations Team to measure the impact and efficiency of new products and business processesDevelop analytical frameworks to support decision making in the US and CanadaPartner closely with Uber Eats Restaurant Support team to provide insights that drive decisions around process, policy and service modelBuild, maintain, and communicate detailed reporting & modelsDevelop dashboards that provide reliable insights and visualization into the restaurant experienceImplement and analyze A/B experimentsWhat You’ll NeedBachelor’s DegreeMinimum 3-4 years of data science, business intelligence, investment banking, consulting or related experienceExpertise in SQL (Hive or Presto experience a plus)Experience with R and/or Python (fluency in either language preferred)Strong teamwork skills and desire to help others learnExceptional data management skillsStrong communication and organization skillsHustle and entrepreneurship - driven and focused self-starterStrategic mindset - you're comfortable thinking a few steps ahead of where the team is at nowBonus Points IfHigh-growth analytics or operations experienceExperience working in a support environment (contact management analytics, Zendesk API familiarity, etc.)Experience in advanced reporting tools such as R Shiny, Dash, or BokehAbout the Team The NorthAm Community Operations team ensures that we are providing high-quality support at scale. The Analytics & Insights team is tasked with providing critical business insights to help identify opportunities and implement operational improvements across our entire organization."
"2996596647"	"Business Intelligence Developer"	"UBS"	2019-01-10	82	118	94	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=201248&s=58&guid=000001685326cbf18347138d43594c71&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_90753475&cb=1547583279107&jobListingId=2996596647"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	"Your RoleAre you excited about working on a very critical business intelligence project? Have you worked on designing, development, support of SSAS cubes using Tabular model and SSIS packages? If so, you are the right person for the role. We’re looking for someone like that who can: To design, build & maintain SSAS Tabular cubesTo design, develop and maintain SSIS packages and familiar with XMLA/AMO/JSONCreation and optimisation of MDX/DAX queriesTo monitor the performance, reporting of SQL/DAX queriesExperienced developer with Power BI StackTo analyze user and business requirements, design and implement appropriate solutionsTo design and code programs following in-house standards and good design principlesTo support various test environment like QA, UAT etcTo ensure that all programs are documented to the UBS standardsTo work in an agile and iterative environmentYour teamThis is a Senior Cube/SSIS developer (AD) role in the area of Market Risk within Risk IT division of UBS. The role will be based in USA.What we offerTogether. That’s how we do things. We offer people around the world a supportive, challenging and diverse working environment. We value your passion and commitment, and reward your performance. Keen to achieve the work-life agility that you desire? We're open to discussing how this could work for you (and us).Take the next stepAre you truly collaborative? Succeeding at UBS means respecting, understanding and trusting colleagues and clients. Challenging others and being challenged in return. Being passionate about what you do. Driving yourself forward, always wanting to do things the right way. Does that sound like you? Then you have the right stuff to join us. Apply now.Disclaimer / Policy StatementsUBS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce."
"3055952819"	"Data Analytics Lead"	"Venmo"	2019-01-09	87	135	109	3.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=112&ao=355374&s=58&guid=000001685326cbf18347138d43594c71&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_77301333&cb=1547583279107&jobListingId=3055952819"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	"About Us Venmo was founded on the principles of breaking down the intimidating barriers around financial transactions to make them intuitive, friendly, and even fun. And it worked: people love sending money with Venmo, and we're growing by leaps and bounds!  But we're only just getting started. We want to take that magic of sending money with Venmo and cascade it into every place where people use money. That means connecting people to their money in the most intuitive and fun way possible, then connecting people with each other. Users already love Venmo, but we know there are lots of things we haven't thought of to make the experience of using Venmo even more delightful and valuable. All that's going to take a lot of figuring out. Let's figure it out together! Data Analytics at Venmo Analytics plays a crucial role across Venmo. We approach problems inquisitively and with a desire to find solutions in our data. We believe that Analytics should drive business decisions across the company in order to keep our product simple, joyful, and delightful. The RoleResponsible for managing a team to drive the data driven decisions for a core business initiative at VenmoMotivate, lead, coach, and mentor team of analystsEnsure the timely delivery of data initiatives while continually raising the barEncourage technical and organizational innovation while managing realistic deadlinesFoster a collaborative attitude within the team and across the broader Venmo organizationPlay a key role in people-related initiatives including recruiting, onboarding, performance reviews, training, career advancement, etc. As an Analytics lead, you'll drive critical business decisions, build out our analytical capabilities, and work on perplexing problems. You'll be a thought leader for a small team and work to surpass goals through site optimization of data and experimentation. Day-to-Day ResponsibilitiesLeading a team of analysts and ensure proper development and growth in their careersProvide strategy and recommendations for your team and clientsDesign and analyze experiments to support product developmentDefine and evaluate key metrics and understand what moves them and whyWhat we're looking for7+ years of experience in business analytics, consulting, data science, and/or business intelligence1-2 years experience managing a small teamSQL guru, and working knowledge of Python or RPassionate about data quality and consistencyValues quality and reproducibility as a cornerstone of data scienceStrong analytical intuition and business acumenAbility to articulate insights, influence the decision making process, all the while successfully building productive working relationships with cross functional teamsAbility to manage competing priorities into a roadmap and align a team around these initiatives with a focus on impact We know the confidence gap and imposter syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates. Please don't hesitate to apply."
"3056632567"	"Business Intelligence Manager"	"Verizon"	2019-01-09	107	146	126	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=129&ao=133279&s=58&guid=000001685326cbf18347138d43594c71&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_66e386fd&cb=1547583279107&jobListingId=3056632567"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	"What you’ll be doing... This is a Business Data Modeling & Analytics position in the Analytics Team within Financial Planning & Analysis (FP&A) which involves understanding, analyzing, modeling and communicating performance metrics across the Telecom Consumer Organization. Your primary responsibility will be the development of forecast models to drive improved business performance in multiple areas. You will analyze complex marketing problems from many angles to recommend optimal strategies or corrections to the plan. You will also be creating presentations for operations reviews, monthly meetings, etc referencing multiple data sources and needed. Developing Excel analytical and forecast models to project the impact of strategic business decisions as required.Handling analytical inquiries, data pulls and working with large data sets using the following systems: OLAP cubes, IM Web, Vz.Ai., Teradata, Excel spreadsheets and other ad hoc reports.Creating and maintaining PowerPoint presentations in a standardized format. Meeting key presentation and operations review deadlines for analytics inputs.Strategizing, overseeing, documenting, resource planning and defining scope on multiple projects with evolving timelines.Working cross-functionally within the group as well as other PLM and finance teams to bring together the relevant parties to solve analytical questions.Backfilling other analytics team members and picking up other analysis tasks as needed.Correlating unit/functional performance with revenue and vs. targets.What we’re looking for... You are good with numbers and you love to dig into data to find the story. Designing predictive Excel models is a fun afternoon for you. You’re able to translate numbers into compelling stories---and tailor your presentation and recommendations to the audience function and level to meet their needs. You are detail-oriented and know how to focus on what really matters. You have a knack for understanding and visualizing just the right way to share data and practical insights so that people can understand. You enjoy aligning various work streams to ensure the same vision and goal is achieved.  You will need to have: Bachelor’s degree in business, marketing, information systems, analytics/business intelligence, engineering, mathematics, statistics, other related discipline or four or more years of work experience.Six or more years of relevant work experience.Experience using excel to develop analytical reports/models.Experience with Microsoft Word and PowerPoint.Experience with Teradata/Oracle/MS SQL Server and analyze data sets using SQL.Experience with Tableau or similar analysis tools. Even better if you have: A degree.Demonstrated solid PowerPoint skills with the ability to create quality presentations.Demonstrated ability to thrive in a dynamic environment and manage multiple and often conflicting deadlines.Solid understanding of how financial performance effects business strategy and objectives.In-depth knowledge of data sources within Verizon data warehouse and BI systems/metrics.Demonstrated strong project management skills.Experience investigating and solving complex technical problems and data discrepancies.Worked with Business Intelligence systems to provide diagnostic self-serve information to clients and business units.Knowledge of MDX /queries and using OLAP.Ability to lead and facilitate cross functional teams of managers and directors to gain consensus and execute to deliver results.Demonstrated capability to communicate complex information in a way that people understand – whether verbal or written.Willingness to work extended hours as needed.When you join Verizon... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better."
"3087569843"	"Data Engineer"	"Walt Disney Company"	2019-01-15	109	124	114	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=122&ao=37049&s=58&guid=000001685326cbf18347138d43594c71&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_1d5ef940&cb=1547583279107&jobListingId=3087569843"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	"Collaborate with product teams, data analysts and data scientists to design and build data-forward solutionsBuild and deploy streaming and batch data pipelines capable of processing and storing petabytes of data quickly and reliablyIntegrate with a variety of data providers ranging from marketing, web analytics, and consumer devices metricsBuild and maintain dimensional data warehouses in support of business intelligence toolsDevelop data catalogs and data validations to ensure clarity and correctness of key business metricsDrive and maintain a culture of quality, innovation and experimentation2-3 years of experience developing in object oriented PythonFamiliar with big-data solutions using technologies like EMR, S3, SparkLoading and querying cloud-hosted databases such as Redshift and SnowflakeBuilding data pipelines using Kinesis, Kafka, Spark, or FlinkFamiliarity with binary data serialization formats such as Parquet, Avro, and ThriftExperience deploying and using data notebook and analytic environments such as Jupyter and DatabricksKnowledge of the Python data ecosystem using pandas and numpyExperience with graph-based data workflows using Apache Airflow Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent work experience  Disney Streaming Services is a place for the creative and the bold. Whether New York City, San Francisco, Manchester or Amsterdam, we provide opportunities to elevate your career and transform the industry.  Software Engineers at Disney Streaming Services develop premium digital media products for Major League Baseball and our partners. The products we build, such as ESPN+, MLB.TV and NHL.TV are paving the way for the next-generation media and sport technologies, including the upcoming Disney+ offering. Our Engineering team for Disney Streaming Services is headquartered in the Chelsea area of New York City. Other office locations also include the SoMo area of San Francisco, CA and several international locations.  At Disney Streaming Services, data is central to measuring all aspects of the business, and critical to its operations and growth. The data engineering team is responsible for collecting, analyzing and distributing data using public cloud and open source technologies and offers transparency into customer behavior and business performance.  If you are interested in joining Disney Streaming Services in the pursuit of not only crafting new media products but enjoying the products you build, we are interested in hearing from you. Required Education : Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent work experience Preferred Education :2-3 years of experience developing in object oriented PythonFamiliar with big-data solutions using technologies like EMR, S3, SparkLoading and querying cloud-hosted databases such as Redshift and SnowflakeBuilding data pipelines using Kinesis, Kafka, Spark, or FlinkCompany Overview : Data "
"2803080962"	"Senior Data Analyst"	"WeWork"	2019-01-15	93	123	107	3.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=128&ao=133575&s=58&guid=000001685326c433b52f288ca7e86cd1&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_aef92d71&cb=1547583277351&jobListingId=2803080962"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	" The RoleAt WeWork, data sits in the center of our business, providing insights into the effectiveness of our physical and digital product & features. We believe data brings everything together and it is the only way we make decisions.  We are seeking Data Analysts to join the Data & Analytics organization and provide insights and recommendations to drive the strategic direction for WeWorks technology teams. The Data & Analytics group performs a wide breadth of work: from analyzing space utilization via sensor data and member engagement via sentiment analysis, to optimizing our construction process and developing recommendation engines across our software products.  The ideal person for this role is highly analytical, thinks about problems in a structured way, is passionate about generating hypotheses for business problems, and is excellent at delivering actionable insights and recommendations.ResponsibilitiesWork with product, engineering, and business leaders to find opportunities to improve and enhance our technology products and business processesUse data to inform and influence the direction of product team roadmaps and inform product decisionsUse statistical and inferential methods to deepen our understanding of patterns/trends in user behavior, design experiments, and uncover new opportunitiesWork with stakeholders to formulate quantitative and measurable objectives that have an impact on the businessFormulate and refine questions, and explore data to discover meaningful relationships or insightsDeliver compelling data stories to drive awareness and understanding of metrics and experiment results Requirements3+ years of experience (5+ preferred) in quantitative analysis or data scienceSolid understanding of methods in statistical analysis (e.g., supervised/unsupervised machine learning methods, hypothesis testing, etc.)Strong analytical skills, with experience breaking down a large problem into smaller, solvable componentsSolid skills in data extraction and transformation with SQLStrong skills in data exploration, analysis, and visualization with Python or RExperience with BI and data visualization tools like Looker or TableauAbility to initiate and drive projects to completionExcellent written and verbal communication skills; with the ability to communicate the results of your work in meaningful waysStrong collaboration skills with both technical and non-technical groups Nice to HaveAdvanced degree in a quantitative field (e.g., mathematics, computer science, physics, economics, engineering, operations research, quantitative social science).Experience in product analytics, user modeling or experimentation. WeWork is the platform for creators, providing hundreds of thousands of members across the globe space, community, and services that enable them to do what they love and craft their life's work. Our mission is to build a world where people work to make a life, not just a living, and our own team members are central to that goal.  We are building software for physical space that uses data and technology at each point in the building process, such that it can make better sourcing decisions, improve its designs, build faster and smarter, and ultimately improve the lives of the people working within its buildings. Our state of the art technologies and dedication to technological innovation are key reasons why WeWork has been able to scale from operating one workspace location to more than 210 in just over eight years.  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.Apply now!"
"3062194661"	"Senior Business Intelligence Analyst"	"ZocDoc"	2019-01-13	102	136	116	3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=127&ao=4120&s=58&guid=000001685326cbf18347138d43594c71&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_4e694483&cb=1547583279107&jobListingId=3062194661"	2019-01-15 15:15:26	" Zocdoc is the tech company at the beginning of a better healthcare experience. Every day, we are driven by our mission to give power to the patient, building products and services that simplify and streamline the overall healthcare journey for patients and providers, delivering the modern healthcare experience they expect and deserve. Our forward-thinking approach prioritizes collaboration, agility, and continuous learning in service of our long-term vision. This has helped us drive significant innovation in a complex, slow-moving industry, and our talented team is looking for impact-minded individuals to join us as we continue to reimagine the healthcare experience.  Zocdoc is seeking an ambitious, detail-oriented individual to work with our Business Intelligence and Product Management teams. You will be responsible for partnering closely with our Product Management teams to define, execute and manage that team’s data and analytics strategy.  You will use a scientific approach to help teams identify what aspects of their business lines are most important, and how to improve them. This job will not only entail reporting and analysis, but also data-pipeline development and maintenance.  What You’ll Do: Collaborate with business partners to drive their data strategy, which includes; managing KPIs and funnel metrics with associated reporting; deep dive analysis to perform root cause investigations and opportunity sizing; AB test support.Write queries and code to extract relevant data from various platforms.Collaborate with other analysts to maintain our dashboards, ensuring they are up-to-date, accurate, and fair representations of product performance.Automate and streamline existing analytics processes to maximize efficiency.Help ensure that data is accurate and consistent throughout the organization.Train teams how to leverage our data tools and assess whether their conclusions are valid.Work with engineering teams in tracking events that are critical to measuring company performance.Clearly communicate your findings to a range of stakeholders to inform and educate them What’s Required: 3+ years experience working with large data sets to extract and surface actionable findings.Degree in engineering, science, statistics, economics, finance or related technical field.Experience communicating to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.Proven track record of forming and executing on high-level business strategy.Advanced Excel skills including pivot tables, macros, charts, functions, and VBA modeling.Proficiency with SQL.Experience with data modeling in Tableau, Looker or data visualization tool.Experience with a Customer Data Platform tool is a plus (mParticle, Segment).Knowledge of Spark or Hive is a plus.MBA is a plus.Experience with Python or R a plus.Experience in Marketing and/or Ad Tech a plus.About the Data Science Team  Zocdoc’s Data Science department is a team of curious, analytical humans who want to know the meaning of things. With the latest, greatest Big Data-processing engines, we distill the millions of patient-doctor interactions that happen every day into invaluable, healthcare-transforming insights. Working closely with BizOps and Product Engineering, we inform the decisions that allow Zocdoc to grow and do its job better—from helping our partners build healthy markets to inventing products that patients and providers can truly appreciate."
