"jobListingId"	"title"	"company"	"last_updated"	"salary_min_est"	"salary_max_est"	"salary_est"	"review"	"url"	"run_time"	"description"
"3041115725"	"Senior Analyst - Business Intelligence"	"1stdibs.com"	2019-01-24	95	128	109	4.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=120&ao=8095&s=58&guid=0000016881df0f019cd8632541e97b13&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_bc7bc4c8&cb=1548367106319&jobListingId=3041115725"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	" Here at 1stdibs one of our core values is 'Say It With Data' and we are looking for an exceptional Senior Analyst - Business Intelligence to join our Business Intelligence team. Our Google Analytics implementation is a complex and exciting challenge to take on. Our core business has aligned itself around Google Analytics segmentation and the success of these teams come from the strength of our Google Analytics implementation.  In this role, you will have the opportunity to learn and develop expertise around how a luxury e-commerce marketplace leverages web analytics to drive decisions. To succeed, you will have an intimate familiarity with Google Analytics and you will be an expert in translating new product features into tracking requirements. You will develop and refine your business acumen by constantly balancing the needs of technical implementation, feature optimization and analytical measurement.  This is an exciting role with lots of room for development as we haven't yet reached our full potential with Google Analytics. This role and the wider Business Intelligence team is the mechanism for how we 'Say It With Data' within our company and as such, this is a high visibility and high impact position, with regular exposure to top management What you'll doTake ownership over tagging, implementation and reporting of Google AnalyticsDevelop best practices for ongoing application of tag management solutionsWork closely with various cross-functional stakeholders such as ecommerce, performance marketing, content, technology, product and advertising to capture the data needed to drive business decisions.Validate accuracy and completeness of data captured, and maintain technical documentationPartner with Analytics team to ensure captured data meet the reporting/dashboarding requirementsReview data trends post-implementation to confirm accuracy and identify anomaliesAssist Analytics in automating reporting and data requestsWhat you'll bringB.A. in computer science, business analytics or a quantitative field2-5 years of experience with Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, tracking data etcAbility to translate and document business requirements into site tracking and reporting guidelinesAbility to identify | interpret trends and anomalies in data and troubleshoot accordinglyAbility to think critically about problems to identify root causeStrong organizational skills | attention to detail and capacity to manage multiple projects simultaneouslyExceptional verbal and written communication skillsFront-end development experience (HTML | Javascript | DOM)Nice to haves:Experience with debugging tools such as Chrome Debugger, Fiddler, HTTPWatch, etc.Experience with querying languages (SQL) and some flavor of database (relational or otherwise)Experience with version control (Github) 1stdibs is the world's largest online luxury marketplace for rare and desirable objects. It has become the go-to source for the world's leading interior designers and consumers to find antiques, furniture, jewelry, vintage fashion and fine art.  Backed by Benchmark Capital, Insight Venture Partners, Index Ventures, Spark Capital and Alibaba, 1stdibs is a unique blend of expert curators and seasoned Internet executives from companies including eBay, Gilt, Google, FreshDirect, Mlb.com, Shutterfly, and Twitter. 1stdibs is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and we are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees."
"3091417260"	"Director of Product Strategy"	"AbleTo"	2019-01-19	87	123	104	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=126&ao=429255&s=58&guid=0000016881df0f019cd8632541e97b13&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_866b209c&cb=1548367106319&jobListingId=3091417260"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	" AbleTo, Inc. is a market leader in providing technology-enabled behavioral health care. AbleTo has been treating patients for over six years, and improves patient outcomes and lowers costs by providing treatment that integrates behavioral and medical health care. AbleTo's structured therapy programs strengthen medical recovery and self-care among members with chronic or complex clinical needs. AbleTo analytics, coupled with our multi-channel engagement platform, identify and engage members with unmet, often undiagnosed, behavioral health needs. A proprietary platform connects individuals and their care teams with AbleTo licensed providers who deliver weekly sessions by phone or video supported by an integrated digital experience. AbleTo programs are clinically proven to improve both behavioral health and medical outcomes while lowering overall spending for higher-cost, higher-risk members.As a Director of Product Strategy at AbleTo you will:Research into new business opportunities (new markets, new product line extensions); ideate and validate product solutionsWrite high level opportunity briefs and business requirements for new strategic products; present product concepts to leadership teamConduct discovery and stakeholder alignment for strategic initiativesDocument and prioritize long term capability needs, abstracting from the product roadmap, in coordinating with product management and software architecture teamsEstablish success metrics for strategic initiatives. Part of this role is to be a business analytics expert with deep ties into the analytics team. You will at times design measurement approaches and assist with analysis and recommendations/interpretation in collaboration with the business intelligence and product management teamsAnalyse work-effort for cross-team initiatives (product, engineering, sales, marketing, operations) focused on business/product efficiency (build/buy/lease for instance)Successfully handoff to product management and provide ongoing support where needed (coordination, research, alignment, measurement)Contribute to the strategic approach to third-party tools including needs assessment and contract management with third-parties (in coordination with product management, engineering and legal)Bachelors required, MBA preferred; or commensurate experience8+ years experience in product management, product leadership and/or strategic planningHealthcare industry experience preferred, especially related to consumer/provider entworksAbleTo is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.AbleTo is an E-Verify company.Upon the acceptance of an offer to enter into this agreement, AbleTo requires the satisfactory completion of reference and background checks and successful completion of drug testing in accordance with local, state and federal laws."
"3005917854"	"Manager, Business Intelligence"	"AbleTo"	2019-01-19	88	122	105	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=429252&s=149&guid=0000016881df0f01a792dfcc03c4a399&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_5bafbdbf&cb=1548367106285&jobListingId=3005917854"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	" AbleTo, Inc. is a market leader in providing technology-enabled behavioral health care. AbleTo has been treating patients for over six years, and improves patient outcomes and lowers costs by providing treatment that integrates behavioral and medical health care. AbleTo's structured therapy programs strengthen medical recovery and self-care among members with chronic or complex clinical needs. AbleTo analytics, coupled with our multi-channel engagement platform, identify and engage members with unmet, often undiagnosed, behavioral health needs. A proprietary platform connects individuals and their care teams with AbleTo licensed providers who deliver weekly sessions by phone or video supported by an integrated digital experience. AbleTo programs are clinically proven to improve both behavioral health and medical outcomes while lowering overall spending for higher-cost, higher-risk members.  The business intelligence team plays a key role at AbleTo, as data is integral to nearly everything that we do. The manager will bring technical leadership to the team, ensure that we are implementing business intelligence best practices at AbleTo, and act as the face of BI to various internal departments. They will also partner cross functionally with department owners to identify and prioritize opportunities to inject analytics and use of data to improve performance.  Technical Leadership Work in a uniquely cross-functional capacity, helping teams across the organization apply analytical rigor to their decision-makingManage inbound reporting requests – must be highly organized and able to manage time across multiple competing prioritiesServe as a technical thought leader to the business intelligence teamDrive the continuous improvement of team’s capabilities & tools Stakeholder Management Prioritize business intelligence projects based on company objectivesOwn, present and explain findings to various stakeholders across the companyBS in Computer Science, Mathematics, Operations Research, or other related disciplineExperience in Healthcare industry preferred4+ years relevant work experience Competencies: Strong proficiency with SQLStrong familiarity with BI tools such as Looker (preferred) or TableauExperience working on GCP and/or AWS platforms is a plusExperience with Python is a plusAbleTo is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.AbleTo is an E-Verify company.Upon the acceptance of an offer to enter into this agreement, AbleTo requires the satisfactory completion of reference and background checks and successful completion of drug testing in accordance with local, state and federal laws."
"3005260788"	"Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Assembly"	2019-01-19	76	103	87	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=103&ao=4341&s=58&guid=0000016881df0f019cd8632541e97b13&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_29e2bb3e&cb=1548367106318&jobListingId=3005260788"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	"Summary Data drives strategy. Assemblys Data Science & Analytics practice helps internal and client stakeholders take a scientific approach towards optimizing critical business and marketing decisions. Our forward-thinking in Data Science & Analytics is a key differentiator that has contributed to Assemblys recognition as Ad Ages 2018 Media Agency of the Year.  This position is for self-starters who believe that data should drive insights. They can change perceptions through data and will be responsible for measuring and communicating the effectiveness of media to internal and external stakeholders. Job Requirements2+ years of experience in an analytical roleDesign & execute analytical reporting dashboards to improve the effectiveness of digital online and offline marketing programs. Recommend appropriate analytic methodologies and approaches. Be a subject matter expert for analytics and techniques, including A/B testingDesign and enhance media planning optimization reports across channels such as Programmatic, Social, and TV platforms using TableauDevelop visualizations in Excel and PowerPoint to illustrate campaign performance dataPartner with internal channel & planning teams to develop monthly and quarterly reports, trends, insights, and recommendationsAssist with the development of a measurement and learning plan including establishing campaign performance benchmarks, goals, and projectionsDevise Ad Hoc analyses including but not limited to: ROI analysis, Churn Analysis, Reach/Frequency Analysis, TV Attribution, Audience SegmentationCollaborate with Data Engineering in data management efforts; project manage the ingestion of 3rd party data sourcesCoordinate with Ad Operations to implement and QA measurement and trackingAutomate data pulls from the internal data warehouse to front-end dashboardsExcellent communications skills. Strong presentation skillsTechnical SkillsProficiency in data visualization software (eg. Tableau) and querying languages like SQLAbility to QA and troubleshoot dataFamiliarity with programming languages like Python and RFamiliarity with media measurement and the digital marketing ecosystemStrong analytical skills with a solid foundation in statistical techniquesA desire to look at the bigger picture and translate data into strategy"
"3090271733"	"Data Analytics - Analyst"	"Barclays"	2019-01-18	85	134	108	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=400784&s=58&guid=0000016881df0880a019775060c30a12&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_06c2032f&cb=1548367104832&jobListingId=3090271733"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	"Job Title: Data Analytics - Analyst - 90218326*Location: 1301 Ave of the Americas, New York, New York*About Us//* Barclays is a transatlantic consumer, corporate and investment bank offering products and services across personal, corporate and investment banking, credit cards and wealth management, with a strong presence in our two home markets of the UK and the US. Our goal is to become the bank of choice by providing superior services to customers and clients and supporting our stakeholders via a commercially successful business that generates long-term sustainable returns. * About Barclays in the US  Barclays offers corporate and investment banking and credit card services in the US. Our 10,000 US colleagues are located in offices across the country, with headquarters in New York City. In 2017, Barclays announced plans to create a world-class campus in Whippany, New Jersey, for our Technology, Operations and Functional teams in the US. Other principal locations include Delaware, Nevada, Ohio and Maine.  About Barclays Internal Audit  Barclays Internal Audit (BIA) Vision: Leaders in Assurance  ? Be Brilliant: Leading edge assurance; Leading edge people; Leading edge thinking  ? Be Impactful: In the business; In the community and In the profession  ? Be Agile: Be independent, a respected voice, innovative and efficient.  BIA Overview: BIA aims to provide independent, reliable, valued, insightful and timely assurance to the Board and executive management over the effectiveness of governance, risk management and control over current and evolving risks, in the context of the current and expected business environment and in accordance with the international standards definition of internal auditing.  Overall Purpose of role  Work collaboratively with others across BIA, while developing strong client relationships which are independent and be seen as a respected voice. Develop practical and innovative ways of improving audit delivery through the use of data analytics. *Your Role* ? Develop sustainable and re-useable Data Analytics test to improve the efficiency of BIA and to improve audit coverage.  ? Support audit delivery teams to identify opportunities for Data Analytics.  ? Provide training to audit staff on how to develop and execute basic analytics.  ? Maintain a library of re-usable data analytics.  ? Maintain appropriate documentation of code and create data dictionary including definitions (where appropriate).  ? Build self-service tools/dashboards/warehouse/data lakes. Maintain common data used by audit delivery teams.  ? Assist with data cleaning and preparation for audit delivery teams. Basic Qualifications/Skills*** ? 2 years' practical experience and expert level knowledge of data analysis with any RDBMS/SQL.  ? 1 years' Data Analysis/Mining/Scripting experience R/Python/SAS.  ? 1 years' Data Visualization experience in Python Django/Tableau/Spotfire/Qlikview/d3.js. Preferred Qualifications/Skills* ? Experience with advanced analytics/Machine learning (Decision Trees/Clustering/HMM/Tensorflow).  ? Experience in data warehouse design, Informatica, Unix.  ? Analytics experience within an internal/external audit or risk management function.  ? Degree in Computer Science / Statistics or related discipline.  ? Knowledge about new and emerging data analytics technologies.  ? Experience with Financial Services/Financial Products. *Risk and Control Objective* All Barclays colleagues have to ensure that all activities and duties are carried out in full compliance with regulatory requirements, Enterprise Wide Risk Management Framework and internal Barclays Policies and Policy Standards. *Your Application* To be considered for this role, click on the apply button now. Barclays Values & Diversity* Dynamic working gives everyone at Barclays the opportunity to integrate professional and personal lives, if you have a need for flexibility then please discuss this with the hiring manager. We are an equal opportunity employer and we are opposed to discrimination on any grounds. It is the policy of Barclays to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, colour, creed, religion, national origin, alienage or citizenship status, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law. *Title:** **Data Analytics - Analyst***Location:** **NY-New York***Requisition ID:** **90218326*"
"3040832092"	"Data Analyst, Product"	"Betterment"	2019-01-24	81	112	96	4.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=4120&s=58&guid=0000016881df0880a019775060c30a12&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_7dbc0e04&cb=1548367104832&jobListingId=3040832092"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	" Data Science & Analytics is one of the fastest growing teams at Betterment. We operate with a 360 degree view of the company, partnering closely with teams such as Finance, Marketing, Product, and Operations, and always with our users in mind. Our projects range from creating beautiful dashboards to developing models of user behavior. These projects deliver insights that inform product and business decisions across the company. We are looking for more thoughtful, driven, and curious people to push the business even further.About the right team member:At Betterment, there is nothing more important than building the best product we possibly can for our customers. Data plays a central role in how we decide what to build, how we design the customer experience, and how we monitor the performance and adoption of our products. We are looking for a talented product analyst to support these efforts. Betterment is in a growth stage and our product team’s analytics needs are fairly broad, so the work is bound to stay interesting. At any one time, projects may include working with product squads to interpret results of our A/B tests, study customer behavior, design OKRs to measure product performance, build interactive dashboards to track key metrics, and assist in fulfilling ad-hoc data requests from the product and design teams.At Betterment you will get to: Partner closely with cross functional teams of product managers, engineers and designers to refine the user experience and discover opportunities for product improvements.Create impactful quantitative reports, dashboards and insights to provide our product team with critical information to support our decision-making process.Understand how customers use our product, influence the product roadmap and help monitor feature performance.Support ad hoc analysis requests as needed, but over time translate them into tools and metrics.Assist with the design, set-up and analysis of A/B tests to drive iterative improvement through efficient experimentation.Contribute to Betterment’s data driven culture, and influence best practices.Be a member of the broader data science community in NYC, staying abreast of new ideas and trends, and contributing thought leadership. You will be effective if you have: 2+ years experience working in data analytics, finance or consulting.The ability to write SQL in your sleep.Experience with Python or R, along with a desire to become an expert.Comfort with working with large datasets.Passion about solving complex business problems with data and transforming analyses into concise insights and actionable recommendations.Self-starter mentality with a track record of completing projects with minimal guidance.A willingness to be flexible, prioritizing problems that are most pressing and using the most appropriate tools.An ability to build strong relationships with colleagues and stakeholders.An eye for beautiful and effective data visualizations, and experience creating them programmatically.Bonus points if you have:Experience in product analytics and tableau. About BettermentBetterment is the largest independent online financial advisor with more than $15 billion in assets under management. The service is designed to help increase customers’ long-term returns and lower taxes for retirement planning, building wealth, and other financial goals. Betterment takes advanced investment strategies and uses technology to deliver them to more than 370,000 customers across its three business lines: direct-to-consumer, Betterment for Advisors, and Betterment for Business."
"3091451355"	"Data Warehousing/Business Intelligence Director"	"Caresoft"	2019-01-19	115	152	133	3.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=372858&s=58&guid=0000016881df0f019cd8632541e97b13&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_025ff83b&cb=1548367106318&jobListingId=3091451355"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	" Job Responsibilities Provide leadership to a team of data engineers, while also rolling up your sleeves and doing some hands-on work yourself Analysis, design, coding, performance tuning, and implementation of new BI solutions. Evaluation, maintenance, and enhancement of existing ETL processes and modelcube structures. Creation of BI dashboards and workbooks using Power BI, Tableau, and Excel. Code data ingest solutions (C, NodeJS) leveraging 3rd party APIs. Daily triage of bugs and tasks. Lead a team of data warehousing engineers, acting as liaison to internal and 3rd party clients and providing regular updates to management. Skills Required Hands-on leadershipmanagerial experience Must have Tabular data warehouse design experience including a solid understanding of MDXDAX, calculated measures, hierarchies, slowly changing dimensions, and datetime dimension analysis. Advanced level of experience with Microsoft SQL Server, SSAS and SSMS (Management Studio) Hands-on experience with SSIS or other similar ETL tools Demonstrated strength with T-SQL for database queries, procedures, tables, views, etc. Proven skills with data visualization tools Microsoft Excel (PowerPivot, Pivot Tables, Slicers) Power BI and Tableau (dashboard design, configuration and advanced calculations) Ability to work with .Net development tool Visual Studio 2017 to write code, make changes, and deploy updates. Experience with storage devices and connectivity tools such as AWS development tools NodeJS and Lambda Functions. A basic understanding of HTML, CSS, and web page deployment. Excellent written and verbal skills and the ability to present to upper management. A good understanding of basketball. Click below to apply or below or feel free to reach 732-533-2324"
"3094545630"	"Analyst - Analytics and Business Intelligence"	"Crossmedia"	2019-01-23	92	129	111	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=4120&s=58&guid=0000016881df0f019cd8632541e97b13&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_5e84b828&cb=1548367106319&jobListingId=3094545630"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	" Analyst - Analytics and Business Intelligence12-11-2018The analytics group provides resources across the “equity” to the “response” side of the continuum of brand and media management. The media analytics world is moving towards addressable 1:1 measurement based on an increasingly digitized environment and exposure identifiable at an individual level. We are passionate about the possibilities of media accountability within this evolving paradigm. We are also be acutely aware of the limitations and inaccuracies of the default measurement solutions in the industry and want to push into potentially uncomfortable areas to challenge them. We employ multiple traditional and non-traditional methods and data sources to tackle challenges concerning consumer insights, brand equity, media attribution, media accountability, data dashboarding and advanced modeling. As a member of the analytics team, you will work closely with a Senior Analyst and DIrector in reviewing the team’s project briefs and partnering with the New Business and Account Teams to help solve current and prospective client strategic problems. This is a significant responsibility as the agency looks to the Analytics group for much direction and strategic thinking. Confidence will come from a varied background in a combination of: brand management, management consulting, communications strategy and media analytics.  In this role, you will be working predominantly with one of our premier clients, Capital Group (www.capitalgroup.com). Capital Group is a financial services company. It ranks among the world’s oldest and largest investment management organizations with $1.87 trillion in assets under management. Founded in Los Angeles, California in 1931, it is privately held and has offices around the globe in the Americas, Asia, Australia and Europe.  Capital offers a range of products, including more than 40 mutual funds through its subsidiary, American Funds, as well as separately managed accounts (or collective investment trusts), private equity, investment services for high net worth investors in the U.S., and a range of other offerings for institutional clients and individual investors globally. IDEALLY YOU…Enjoy the creative process of solving problems collaborativelyAren’t afraid to share your thoughts if there’s a different way to do something betterThrive in team settings and willing to compromise their point of view in support of othersVery adaptable to fluid change and an entrepreneurial environmentDon’t mind rolling your sleeves up for data cleansing, data visualization and analysisAre comfortable with frequently leading client presentationsCan weave a story from thousands of data pointsLove collaborating with teams and multiple departments/agenciesHave solid organizational skills including attention to detail and multi-tasking agilityBelieve good thinking can come from anyone and any placeWork with team on strategic discussions to help our client, Capital Group, to help define media objectives, target customers & opportunity sizing, communication channels, optimal budget allocations and investment levels, media timing, and messaging.Translate clients’ business questions into an actionable data and research plan.Generate quantitative and qualitative consumer and market research including:Demographic, psychographic, and behavioral customer profilingMedia channel coverage, penetration, receptivityBrand health deep divesCompetitive analysisCategory trendsTransform raw data into engaging visuals and compelling stories. You will bring data and research to life for clients and choose the best visuals and mediums to deliver your message.Help develop and innovate Crossmedia’s data and analytics offerings. Keep us on the cutting edge of data tools and technology. .Click here for more"
"2973381651"	"Quantitative Analyst/Data Scientist, Global Structured Finance Analytics"	"DBRS"	2019-01-23	61	103	78	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=305115&s=149&guid=0000016881df0880b5e4f30570733f0e&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_9c04ee17&cb=1548367104796&jobListingId=2973381651"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	"Position Summary: The position will report to the head of the Global Structured Finance Analytics Group (GSFA). The role will involve close collaboration within the Group and global stakeholders in the design and development of securitization data and analytics infrastructure. Position Description: As a quantitative analyst in the GSFA Group in New York City, you will be working in a cross-functional team, prototyping and implementing new predictive and cash flow models for Structured Finance products. As a part of the team, you will be exposed to all aspects of analytics development and the data science work at DBRS: designing data wrangling processes, updating and enhancing models and methodologies, separating the signal from the noise in time series data, communicating results to key stakeholders. Required qualifications:Friendly and enjoys working in a collaborative team. Humble, honest, and to the pointExceptional communication skillsExperience performing data science within the fixed income spaceProficiency using the Python data science stack (numpy, pandas, sci-kit learn, Tensorflow)Experience using Jupyter notebooks to communicate results to business stakeholdersStrong math, logic, and problem-solving skillsAbility to manage a workflow of diverse projects across multiple stakeholdersEnthusiasm for new challenges, using advanced techniques and creativity to find novel solutionsBachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Finance or related field Preferred qualifications: Securitization experienceExperience with tools in the Spark or other distributed data processing ecosystemsExperience with R, R Shiny and/or SASExperience developing using GitExperience with AWS, Linux, Docker DBRS is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin, veteran status or disability. All individuals are encouraged to apply.  We thank all applicants for their interest, but only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted.  If selected for an interview, we will be happy to work with you to ensure your interview is accessible and that a reasonable accommodation is provided. When your interview is being scheduled, please advise us of how we might be able to support your participation."
"3094035095"	"Product Owner- Business Intelligence (BI) & Portfolio Management (Virtual/Remote)"	"Experian"	2019-01-22	84	104	94	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=429223&s=149&guid=0000016881df0f01a792dfcc03c4a399&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_505478b0&cb=1548367106286&jobListingId=3094035095"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	"Product Owner Job Duties:  • You are the CEO of your product Drive product vision for new BI dashboards and bring a strong desire to innovate bringing ideas from prototypes to MVP to launchBring a high level of passion to achieving greater customer satisfaction in everything you doCollaborate daily within a scrum team and other cross-functional team membersManage product lifecycle activity for BI & portfolio management solutions Essential Functions:  • Be passionate about data visualization as a means of business optimization and process transformation Work with clients and internal stakeholders to deliver actionable insights through best-in-class BI dashboards & data visualizationsDrive vision for the data model needed to support the creation of new dashboards and reportingAbility to understand client needs and market trends through client interaction and other market researchGather market feedback around product positioning, pricing and revenue, competitor products, and translate into compelling product requirementsBe a self-starter when it comes to determining product priorities, including new features & initiatives that drive your product line forwardEvangelize your product internally and externally through new sales opportunities, high impact presentations, demos and development of relevant collateral (e.g. online demos, promotions, white papers, case studies, etc.)  ***Ideally this position would be based in Costa Mesa, CA however for a strong candidate, virtual/remote options are available anywhere in the United StatesExperience:Requires a minimum of 2+ years of relevant product management experienceExtensive experience designing BI dashboards in Tableau, MicroStrategy, QlikView or other relevant BI software.Previous hands-on experience working with data-driven solutions required.Proven track record in utilizing analytical tools & metrics for both managing product portfolios and creating product road mapsKnowledge, Skills and Abilities:Highly driven, dynamic self-starterIntermediate to advanced skills in in Tableau, MicroStrategy, QlikView or other relevant BI software.Team player, detail orientedFundamental understanding of core Agile principals including: writing user stories, managing your backlog while articulating your product vision to the scrum team.Prior experience working with JIRA and Confluence a plusOutstanding presentation, communication and information sharing skillsStrong analytical and problem solving skillsExcellent PC skills in Word, Excel and PowerPoint.Formal Training/Education:Bachelor degree requiredMBA preferred but not requiredPosition can be based anywhere in the United States however Costa Mesa, Ca is preferred"
"3095265242"	"Manager, Business Intelligence"	"Foursquare"	2019-01-24	113	155	134	4.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=8095&s=58&guid=0000016881df0f019cd8632541e97b13&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_a8c67ab5&cb=1548367106318&jobListingId=3095265242"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	"About Foursquare: Foursquare is a technology company that enriches consumer experiences and informs business decisions through location intelligence. A community of more than 50 million people use the Foursquare City Guide and Foursquare Swarm apps and websites to discover new places, explore the world and check in. They have written more than 95 million tips and checked in over 12 billion times. Foursquare powers location data for Snapchat, Apple, Uber, Twitter and 125,000 other developers. Foursquare's business solutions also include Pinpoint, Attribution, Pilgrim SDK and Foursquare Analytics, which empower brands to understand and connect to targeted audiences as well as measure foot traffic and advertising success. About This Position: The Manager, Business Intelligence will partner with the existing ops team and help drive analysis specific to our go-to-market strategy, leveraging our data to build better prioritization and focus essential to scaling our world-class Sales team. This includes planning, reporting, assisting in quota setting and management, program management, sales process optimization, and creating internal business intelligence reports that track the health of the sales organization as well as our enterprise offerings.  The Manager, Business Intelligence is responsible for the overall productivity and effectiveness of the sales organization and will work closely with internal and external stakeholders to ensure the appropriate objectives and priorities within the sales organization are set, enabled, and tracked. Responsibilities:Conduct sophisticated investigations and analysis of complex data and translate the results into actionable deliverables, messages and presentations that guide strategic choices across the Sales organizationManage and drive key projects end to end in terms of orchestrating all the right key stakeholders, doing check-ins and managing timely deliverables and overall results back to Ops team and leadership connected to said projectDevelop regular, optimized reporting (e.g., weekly forecasting, QBRs) that enable Sales leadership to keep a pulse on business performance, including clear insight into key business driversIdentify and evaluate trends and performance measured against sales targets and strategic initiativesIdentifying, diagnosing, and resolving problems of varying levels of complexity, prioritizing critical client issues and identifying department needsRecommend and develop new sales support initiatives to expand and improve outputEvaluate new and existing tools to help the sales team get the most value from software investmentsQualifications:5+ years of experience working in sales, business or marketing operations, or business management and leading a teamA deep understanding of sales operations and Salesforce with a minimum of five (5) years direct relevant experienceProven leader with demonstrated expertise in developing and implementing streamlined processesGreat communication skills with the ability to translate complex data analyses into clear and compelling narratives for Sales and Business leadersGreat attention to detail, self-motivated, and the ability to work in a fast-paced, results-oriented environmentExcellent data analytics skills and strong business acumen; proven ability to leverage complex datasets to refine and answer significant strategic questionsStrong technical, research, problem solving and collaboration skillsExpert in BI tools and CRM systems; highly proficient using and managing SalesforceBachelor's degree in business, finance, sales/marketing, or related discipline Foursquare is proud to foster an inclusive environment that is free from discrimination. We strongly believe in order to build the best products, we need a diversity of perspectives and backgrounds. This leads to a more delightful experience for our users and team members. We value listening to every voice and we encourage everyone to come be a part of building a company and products we love.  Foursquare is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law."
"2731478861"	"Associate Analyst"	"Fred Alger"	2019-01-18	91	139	113	3.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=125&ao=399081&s=58&guid=0000016881df0880a019775060c30a12&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_8efda861&cb=1548367104833&jobListingId=2731478861"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	"ADP strongly recommends using, Microsoft Internet Explorer 11, Microsoft Edge, Firefox 45 and higher. Chrome 50.0 and higher. Safari 8.x, or Safari 9.0.Before attempting the application again, clear your browser’s cache and cookies.Do not input “N/A” into any of the fields. The “/” seems to cause ADP some issues. Use “NA” instead.Do not use parentheses. This often causes ADP to not register an answer.If you took part in an unpaid internship, do not put $0.00 as your salary as it causes an error. Put $1 instead.Job Title: Associate AnalystLocation:Headquartered in New  York City in a modern office space near Madison Square Park, Alger offers great  benefits and encourages employees to become involved in their community. In particular, we encourage our employees to  participate, to give their time and talents, not just money, to charitable  events and organizations the Firm supports through our employee run charitable  committee, the Alger Candlelight Giving Program. Pensions & Investments has noted, “Fred  Alger Management Inc. [is] one of the most charity-oriented workforces in the  investment industry.” (Sept. 5, 2011).  We are as proud of that recognition as we are of our investment success.Job  Description:Alger is seeking bright and enthusiastic  Associate Analysts (AAs) to join our investment team. We favor candidates who are passionate about  investing, embrace challenges, welcome increasing responsibilities, and thrive  in a dynamic environment.Alger’s Investment Team is the engine that  drives the Firm’s strong long-term investment returns of our portfolio  strategies and success for our clients.  Our investment strategies range from U.S. small cap to large cap stocks  and International and Emerging Markets growth stocks, in both traditional  long-only and long/short hedged equity portfolios. We have over 40 experienced professionals,  led by our portfolio managers and senior sector analysts, who work together to  identify and research domestic and global growth trends across all economic  sectors to uncover compelling investment opportunities. We target “outside the box” ideas and our  firm’s philosophy encourages creative and independent thinking. Each investment idea goes through a rigorous  series of analyses by sector specialists rather than generalists. Many of our analysts have direct experience  in the industries they invest in and/or advanced degrees in their fields. Compared to other buy-side firms, our teams  are small – and this “boutique” culture allows analysts of all levels to contribute. Working in smaller groups, analysts have more  responsibilities, rather than being just a “number-cruncher” at a larger  firm. With that in mind, we focus on  investing in developing talent. Many of  our senior analysts have started their careers at Alger at the AA level.AAs, along with their  team, work with portfolio managers and the Chief Investment Officer on  generating insightful investment ideas. This direct exposure to top level  management is rare in the investment community and current AAs thrive on the  ability to work with highly experienced investors. Upon hire, AAs will be  assigned to permanent sectors with an opportunity to rise among the ranks of  the investment team.Duties &  Responsibilities: Work closely with  senior analysts to coordinate evaluation of companiesInteract with sell-side  analysts, industry contacts, investor relations personnel and senior management  of companies to develop an investment thesis on a stock or macroeconomic themeCreate and update  financial models and maintaining databases tracking industry research and  statistics. Develop and maintain proprietary data tracking and industry  research filesWrite research reports  on companies under coverage and reports on business newsManage and analyze  companies’ earnings reports, including previews and reviewsCollaborate with the  investment team on original research projects and ideasPerfect the art of a  stock pitch with the goal of being able to generate ideas and profit for the  firmQualifications: Minimum 2-4 years Investment Research, Private  Equity, Investment Banking or Equivalent Industry experiencePassion for the financial markets and  investments along with an extraordinary curiosity about business and industryProven quantitative and qualitative analytical  capabilities including financial modeling, industry and product analysis and report writingUndergraduate Degree with a cumulative Grade  Point Average (GPA) of 3.0 or above in 4.0 scaleExcellent communication skills, both written  and oralHigh level of self-motivation and work ethic  along with the ability to complete assignments quickly and accuratelyStrong competitive spirit and desire to succeedAbility to work in a team-oriented fast-pace  environment both while being able to prioritize projectsPositive attitude with a willingness to attack  challenging intellectual problemsProficiency  in Microsoft Office productsAlger Inspired by Change, Driven by Growth.  Founded in 1964, Alger is widely recognized as a pioneer of growth-style investment management. Headquartered in New York City with affiliate offices in Boston and London, Alger provides U.S. and non-U.S. institutional investors and financial advisors access to a suite of growth equity separate accounts, mutual funds, and privately offered investment vehicles. The firm’s investment philosophy, discovering companies undergoing Positive Dynamic Change, has been in place for over 50 years. In March 2017, Weatherbie Capital, LLC, a Boston-based investment adviser specializing in small and mid-cap growth equity investing, became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alger.  We have been helping clients achieve their growth equity investment objectives for over 50 years. Experience and IndependenceGrowth equity pioneerPrivate ownership with employee participationPhilosophyTime-tested fundamental research driven processCulture of independent thinking and passion for investingGrowth SpecialistsSingular focus on growth equity investingDedicated to generating superior investment returns for our clients through active managementConsent/Waiver If Alger Associates, Inc. & Subsidiaries (“Alger”) extends an offer of employment, the terms of the offer will be in writing, on Alger letterhead. Any such offer will be contingent upon satisfactory references and background investigation. By submitting this application, I consent to Alger checking references and investigating my background and I release from liability all persons, firms, schools, organization, and/or business entities who furnish references or other information concerning me. I also release Alger and its agents and representatives from any liability, which might result from requesting or obtaining such information.  I understand that as part of the pre-hire process, I will be required to authorize Alger to request from a consumer reporting agency an investigative consumer report which might include criminal, credit and employment history, educational records and information relative to my character, general reputation, personal characteristics and mode of living, to the extent permitted by law. If hired, I will be required to provide documentation of both my identity and employment eligibility in the United Sates in accordance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986.  I certify that the information I provided on this application is true and complete and understand that Alger or its representatives may investigate and verify the information. I further understand that any false, misleading or inaccurate information or misrepresentation, or omission of information requested, as stated or implied, in this application or provided in an interview or other employment form may be sufficient reason not to hire me, to withdraw any offer extended or to terminate my employment, regardless of when discovered.  I understand that nothing in this application, or in any prior or subsequent oral or written statement, is intended to create any contract of employment either express or implied. This application does not bind either party for a specific period of time with respect to employment. I understand that no representative of Alger other than its Chief Executive Officer (CEO) or the CEO’s designee is authorized to enter into any agreement to the contrary and any such agreement must be in writing and signed by the CEO or the CEO’s designee.  Alger is proud to be an E-Verify & Equal Opportunity Employer.  It is Alger’s policy to provide equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants for employment. No qualified applicant or employee of Alger shall be discriminated against in employment on the basis of race, national origin, ancestry, religion, gender (including gender identity and gender expression), mental or physical disability, age, sex, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other status protected by law (“Protected Characteristic”). This Policy applies to all terms, conditions, and privileges of employment, including but not limited to, hiring, compensation, benefits, promotion, and termination.  E-Verify® is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security."
"3068507922"	"Data Scientist, Engineering"	"Google"	2019-01-19	120	180	148	4.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=37049&s=58&guid=0000016881df0880a019775060c30a12&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_db083a3e&cb=1548367104833&jobListingId=3068507922"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	"Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; San Bruno, CA, USA; Seattle, WA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USAMinimum qualifications: MS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, bioinformatics, economics, computational biology, computer science, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering).2 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / computational biologist / bioinformatician).Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL). Preferred qualifications: PhD degree in a quantitative discipline as listed in Minimum Qualifications.4 years of relevant work experience (e.g., as a statistician / computational biologist / bioinformatician / data scientist), including deep expertise and experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, sampling methods. Analytical engagements outside class work while at school can be included.Applied experience with machine learning on large datasets.Experience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data. Experience translating analysis results into business recommendations.Demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical tools given a data analysis problem. Demonstrated effective written and verbal communication skills.Demonstrated leadership and self-direction. Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques.About the jobAs a Data Scientist, you will evaluate and improve Google's products. You will collaborate with a multi-disciplinary team of engineers and analysts on a wide range of problems. This position will bring analytical rigor and statistical methods to the challenges of measuring quality, improving consumer products, and understanding the behavior of end-users, advertisers, and publishers.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, data scientists not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.ResponsibilitiesWork with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of Google data structures and metrics, advocating for changes where needed for both products development and sales activity.Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with engineers to identify opportunities for, design, and assess improvements to google products.Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information.Research and develop analysis, forecasting, and optimization methods to improve the quality of Google's user facing products; example application areas include ads quality, search quality, end-user behavioral modeling, and live experiments. At Google, we dont just accept differencewe celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by emailing candidateaccommodations@google.com."
"2918328768"	"Data Scientist"	"HBO"	2019-01-18	134	203	166	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=433326&s=58&guid=0000016881df0880a019775060c30a12&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_b632f61c&cb=1548367104832&jobListingId=2918328768"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	" \",\"AnswerValue\":\"OVERALL SUMMARY As a data scientist on Analytic Capability team, this individual will be executing an end-to-end solution in building analytic infrastructure, supporting our data science and analytic solution teams and transforming the insights into actionable endpoints for different business units. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIESSupport developing analytic infrastructure at AWS environment and partner with IT for analytic production executionWork with data scientists and solution analysts to understand the business problems, proactively design intuitive data structures and create the best-suited data structures for modeling and analysisTranslating advanced analytics result into production and maintain the update/refresh.Integrate additional sources of data that can enhance analytic capability, continually identify and fix issue that could enforce robust analytic processSupport customer service analytic support and providing behavioral insightMaintain HBO NOW subscriber transaction analytic structure by incorporating new providers, campaigns and tracking for transaction analysisREQUIREMENTSBS/MS in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experienceExperience with AWS Solutions, Data and Analytics tools and building data structures to support advanced analytic and research functions.Expertise with both structure and unstructured data at Big Data platform setting.Experience on database development, management and ETL at big data platformExperience with analytic scripting R, Python and SAS and strong with SQL.Knowledge of various data science techniques and experience implementing models developed with these techniques into production environmentFlexibility and comfort working in a dynamic organization with minimal documentation and processStrong problem solving and critical thinking skills"
"3039878023"	"Compliance Analyst, NYC"	"Jane Street"	2019-01-23	79	110	93	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=396583&s=58&guid=0000016881df0880a019775060c30a12&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_507a598a&cb=1548367104832&jobListingId=3039878023"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	"About YouQualifications:Strong quantitative reasoning skills and enjoys solving difficult problemsComfortable communicating across teams, multitasking, and working with dataAptitude for developing broad range of technical skills, e.g., querying databases, understanding and/or creating computer code is also important.1-3 years of experience in compliance or other relevant environmentAbout the PositionWe are looking for a detail oriented, organized and proactive person with an interest in learning the US regulatory environment for trading firms. In addition, you will also assist in the following: Investigate regulatory reporting issuesPerform data management and analysisExecute manual reporting flows and otherwise directly assist with the handling of regulatory reporting exceptions and correctionsAid in macro-level project management as we continually seek to improve existing projects and procedures You may also help interpret the regulatory reporting rules in the context of the firm's business, assist in writing and maintaining the firm's policies with regards to those rules, and work with developers to implement or modify the firm's systems to insure compliance and monitor adherence.  Ultimately, you will gain an excellent understanding of the firm’s trade flows and how the regulatory reporting rules impact them. The person in this role will collaborate with traders, legal and compliance, developers and operations on a regular basis."
"2927798583"	"Regulatory Capital and Risk Analyst, NYC"	"Jane Street"	2019-01-24	99	133	115	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=115&ao=396583&s=58&guid=0000016881df0880a019775060c30a12&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_c35e0286&cb=1548367104832&jobListingId=2927798583"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	"About YouA proactive and decisive self-starterExcellent communicator (both written and verbal) and team playerStrong attention to detail and analytical thinkingNumerate with strong Excel skills and ability to use complex formulaeAbility to undertake and lead projects and employ a logical approach to solving complex, often open-ended, problemsComfortable taking high-level concepts, filling in the gaps necessary to make informed decisions and then taking the necessary steps to ensure those decisions are executed ** Potential for relocation to our London officeAbout the PositionWe are looking for a detail oriented and organised self-starter to work primarily with our regulatory and accounting teams in New York to assist in data analysis and the compilation of regulatory reports/calculations. The role focuses on the 15c3-1 requirements of Jane Street’s US Broker-Dealers.  The role requires a certain amount of flexibility as you will have responsibility for the below: detail-oriented data management and analysisunderstanding the impact that the regulations and capital requirements have on the business, especially with new trade flows, and communicating the results/constraints to various desks/groups across the firmpreparation of daily reports for capital and risk monitoringmonitoring intra-day market risk and investigating any breaches/issuespreparation of the firm's capital requirements within the FOCUS filingsmacro-level project management as we continuously seek ways to improve existing processes and procedures The successful candidate will gain an excellent understanding of the firm’s trade flows, how the capital rules impact them and how best to optimise and improve capital efficiency. They will also interact with traders, legal and compliance and operations on a day-to-day basis.  Previous experience within financial services is a plus however we are happy for the right person to come without related experience as long as they’re able to demonstrate the willingness and ability to perform the required tasks."
"3094673814"	"Director - Business Intelligence"	"L'Oreal"	2019-01-23	121	159	139	3.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=122&ao=55774&s=58&guid=0000016881df0f019cd8632541e97b13&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_a3f6bc57&cb=1548367106319&jobListingId=3094673814"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	" The SalonCentric Director of Business Intelligence is responsible for managing the quality and collection of data, synthesizing metrics and providing insights on potential market development and current performance, informing and supporting business decisions made by senior sales management. This role requires experience leading cross-functional projects and the ability to work closely with Senior Management to clarify and interpret both broad and granular data.  DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:  ? Create, control and manage reporting/analytics of national salon census data and related targeted salon activities. Effectively work cross-functionally with Sales and Education teams to deliver business-building objectives.  ? Interface with Brand Sales, Marketing and Demand Planning teams to dimension all new product launches, promotions and events including target audience and full potential analysis.  ? Provide ROI analysis of commercial sales activities and brand initiatives, including the measurement of education classes / shows and other tactical events such as brand blitzes  ? Review market data to develop potential target list by market for new product launches and brand extensions using CRM analytics to identify existing and incremental sales targeted accounts.  ? Evaluate Sales goals (KPI’s/Conquests, etc.) and assist in the review and analysis of territory performance.  ? Review sales trending reporting to determine market potential and market degradation; provide Senior Management and RVP’s with recommended tactics.  ? Conduct research to provide competitive data and analyze those findings for Senior Management to help SalonCentric maintain a competitive advantage.  ? Other duties and tasks as assigned by management.  REQUIREMENTS:  ? Bachelor’s Degree in Business/Management or related field required; Master’s degree desirable  ? Minimum of 5-7 years of related experience in analytics and/or reporting  ? Expert-level abilities in Excel required, including proficiency in PowerPivot. High level of comfort with a wide range of business technologies.  ? Ability to learn, utilize and teach others reporting tools  ? Excellent project management skills  ? High-level knowledge of sales and business processes  ? Strong verbal and written communication skills, including strong presentation ability  ? Strong business acumen, management, analytical and problem solving skills  ? Ability to adapt schedule to accommodate necessary deadlines and ad hoc reporting requirements.  ? Some reasonable travel is required (10%), including overnight and weekends.  ? Proven ability to operate effectively in a hi-tempo environment managing and effectively prioritizing multiple tasks  ? Capacity to understand and follow fair trade and confidentiality policies applicable to data compilation and reporting within SalonCentric."
"3090588236"	"Software Engineer, Data Engineering - New York"	"Lyft"	2019-01-18	105	121	112	4.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=118&ao=133581&s=58&guid=0000016881df0f019cd8632541e97b13&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_d0056cfb&cb=1548367106319&jobListingId=3090588236"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	" At Lyft, community is what we are and it's what we do. It's what makes us different. To create the best ride for all, we start in our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization where all team members are recognized for what they bring.Here at Lyft, Data is the only way we make decisions. It is the core of our business, helping us create an exceptional transportation experience for our customers and providing insights into the effectiveness of our product launch & features.As a Data Engineer at Lyft, you will be a part of an early stage team that builds the data transport, collection, and storage, and exposes services that make data a first-class citizen at Lyft. We are looking for a Data Engineer that is passionate and motivated to make an impact in creating a robust and scalable data platform. In this role, you will have ownership of the company's core data pipeline that powers Lyft's top line metrics; You will also leverage data expertise to help evolve data models in various components of the data stack; You will be working on architecting, building, and launching highly scalable and reliable data pipelines to support Lyft's growing data processing and analytics needs. Your efforts will allow access to business and user behavior insights, leveraging huge amounts of Lyft data to fuel several teams such as Analytics, Data Science, Marketplace and many others.Responsibilities:Owner of the core company data pipeline, responsible for scaling up data processing flow to meet the rapid data growth at LyftConsistently evolve data model & data schema based on business and engineering needsImplement systems tracking data quality and consistencyDevelop tools supporting self-service data pipeline management (ETL)SQL and MapReduce job tuning to improve data processing performanceExperience & Skills:Extensive experience with Hadoop (or similar) Ecosystem (MapReduce, Yarn, HDFS, Hive, Spark, Presto, Pig, HBase, Parquet)Proficient in at least one of the SQL languages (MySQL, PostgreSQL, SqlServer, Oracle)Good understanding of SQL Engine and able to conduct advanced performance tuningStrong skills in scripting language (Python, Ruby, Perl, Bash)Experience with workflow management tools (Airflow, Oozie, Azkaban, UC4)Comfortable working directly with data analytics to bridge business requirements with data engineeringLyft is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Lyft does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws or prohibited by Company policy. Lyft also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and local ordinances, and its internal policy, Lyft will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records."
"3009058644"	"Senior Business Intelligence Data Engineer"	"Major League Baseball"	2019-01-23	127	144	132	3.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=111&ao=305335&s=58&guid=0000016881df0f019cd8632541e97b13&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_ef5110c0&cb=1548367106318&jobListingId=3009058644"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	" Major League Baseball Business Intelligence (MLBBi) team is looking for a Senior Business Intelligence Data Engineer, who can assist our team in our evolving goal of providing enterprise class solutions for the game of baseball. The MLBBi team is responsible for gathering data from varied sources (internal/external) and consolidating them into our data warehouse, in order to provide analytics across the organization in order to deliver business critical analysis. Our platform is used across the enterprise in such situation as, but not limited to, player analytics, baseball development and operational reporting.  As the Senior Business Intelligence Data Engineer, working in our NYC office, your primary task will be to design, build, and maintain various parts of the data warehousing and reporting infrastructure, including requirements gathering/documentation, architecture, ETL development and data modeling. We are a lean team and we all play multiple positions on the team (architecture, system administration, data evangelist, python developer, etc.). Your careful attention to detail and honed problem-solving talents will serve you well, as you develop not only visualizations and reports but have a key role in architecting our next stage data/analytics platform leveraged across the enterprise, which will be the backbone to some of baseballs operational decisions. CORE REQUIREMENTSB.S. or M.S. in computer Science, equivalent engineering degree, or relevant practical experience.7-9 years of progressively complex related experience.High proficiency in SQL (ANSI) with the ability to write complex freehand SQL including sub-queries, nested queries, and other advanced SQL features.Experience with reporting platforms (Microstrategy, Domo, OBIEE, Qlik View, etc. SAP Business Objects ++)Experience with data discovery tools (Tableau, Lumira, SiSense, etc.).Experience with a RDBMS (IBM DB2, Netezza, MySQL a plus).Proven experience with development and scripting in Java, Object-Oriented Languages, Python or any of the major languages to build robust data pipelines and dynamic systems.Proven ability to leverage multiple tools and programming languages to analyze and manipulate data sets from disparate data sources and build innovative solutions.Proven knowledge of AWS including services in their compute, storage, databases, management tools, and analytics portfolio. (open to GCP/Azure equivalents)A passion for data, and an understanding of how to work with large data sets consisting of as well as willingness to learn new technologies and methodologies under minimum guidance.Excellent written and verbal communicationADDITIONAL FUNCTIONSLeads development and execution of data structures and pipelines to organize, collect and standardize data to generate insights and addresses reporting needs.Demonstrate a deep knowledge of, and ability to operationalize, leading data technologies and best practices in order to identify and assess critical capabilities and recommend solutions.Designs and modifies components of new and existing IT systems to promote integrated corporate business systems.PREFERENCESBaseball knowledge a plusData visualizations via R or D3 a plusExperience with implementing complex, enterprise-wide data transformation and processing solutionsExperience with data in various forms (data warehouses/relational SQL, NoSQL, JSON, unstructured data environments/PIG, HIVE, Impala)Experience with AWS Data Pipeline, Kinesis and Glue a plusEnd-to-end SDLC experience a plus"
"3091025919"	"DATABASE ENGINEER MIT"	"Montefiore Medical"	2019-01-18	84	103	91	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=109&ao=4127&s=58&guid=0000016881df0f019cd8632541e97b13&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_aa3a53a3&cb=1548367106318&jobListingId=3091025919"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	" Keyword, Job Title, Requisition ID Location Create Alert ×Send me alerts every days  alert frequency in every certain daysShare this Job AddThis  Email  Facebook  Twitter  LinkedIn  Pinterest DATABASE ENGINEER MIT Apply now » Apply now  StartPlease wait...Date: Jan 18, 2019 Location: YONKERS, NY, US#job-location.job-location-inline {  display: inline;  }Company: Montefiore Medical CenterOur Business Intelligence and Analytics organization is a large (40+) and growing department that provides complex information solutions to our corporate leadership. The team focuses on the timely delivery of accurate, relevant and easily accessible information to all of its, hospitals, Montefiore corporate decision makes and external regulators or partners. The technical team is comprised of data architects, DBAs, database engineers, business intelligence developers and business analysts who shepherd data from Montefiore’s multiple source systems to the Enterprise Data Warehouse and then to our customers through the business intelligence self-service platform. We are seeking an ETL Database Engineer to work with Informatica Powercenter. For this role, Informatica training is available to a Database Engineer who has experience working with another ETL tool such as Datastage or Ab Initio. Responsibilities:Establish and maintain database management systems, standards, guidelines, and quality assurance for database deliverables including conceptual design, logical database, capacity planning, external data interface specification, data loading plan, data maintenance plan and security policy.Develop scripts and modules that determine data quality and accuracy for multiple processes that transform and move data.Leverage data extract, transform and load (ETL) technologies to accelerate development of data flows, to schedule them and to organize them for on-going maintenance by a team.Conduct analysis of source system data with client stakeholders and source system owners to determine a) capacity to meet reporting needs and b) specific transformation rules that need to be applied.Determine how tables relate to each other and how fields interact within the tables for relational & dimensional models.Participate in decisions around data warehouse architecture and more specifically data models and database design.Generate data for testing purposes. Auto-generate massive amounts of data with rules for performance and data quality testing.Assist with process engineering (definition, training and improvement) for all software development lifecycle processes.Work with software developers, business intelligence analysts and report analysts to insure compliance with database practicesRequired:7+ years of work experience working with Oracle including Oracle 11 or higher3+ years of experience hands-on with ETL with a tool such as Informatica, Datastage, or Ab InitioPL/SQL skills strong enough to write stored proceduresKimball knowledge of Data Warehouse preferredExperience in healthcare specific reporting or other exposure to healthcare business constructs is a plus.Bachelor’s degree preferred z Nearest Major Market: Yonkers Nearest Secondary Market: New York City Apply now » Apply now  StartPlease wait...Find similar jobs: Jobs in New York City,  Information Technology Jobs Regular Full-Time,  Information Technology Jobs,  Information Technology × Sign inWe noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue. Email*Not you? Password* Forgot Password? Submit Cancelrequired field × Sign inWe noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue. Email*Not you? Password* Forgot Password? Submit Cancelrequired field × Account VerificationWe noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community\" and “Application\" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts. Account Email: Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.Reset your password:The \"reset password\" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.Click here to reset your Password2. Enter your NEW password here: Submit Cancel × Account VerificationWe noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community\" and “Application\" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts. Account Email: Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.Reset your password:The \"reset password\" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.Click here to reset your Password2. Enter your NEW password here: Submit Cancel × Account VerificationYour accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems. Confirm × Account VerificationYour accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems. Confirm × Already a MemberYou are already a user of this site. Please sign in. Email*  Not you? Password*Forgot Password? Sign in Cancelrequired field × Already a MemberYou are already a user of this site. Please sign in. Email*  Not you? Password*Forgot Password? Sign in Cancelrequired field × Start Your Application Existing Users Email* Password*Forgot Password? Sign inrequired field New UsersCreate a new account now! Start Your ApplicationReceive Email UpdatesJoin our Talent Community Create × Create Profile Working...Next » × Create Profile Working...Next »"
"2839958061"	"Principal Data Engineer"	"Movable Ink"	2019-01-19	145	163	153	4.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=110&ao=371837&s=58&guid=0000016881df0f019cd8632541e97b13&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_bca0fb34&cb=1548367106318&jobListingId=2839958061"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	" Movable Ink powers meaningful experiences in email and on the web for the biggest brands in the world. Data is at the heart of these experiences - we are collecting many terabytes of data each quarter, and all of it must be partitioned and aggregated for many different use cases.  The Principal Data Engineer will be responsible for all data access patterns across the business. Data Scientists will want access to the billions of events tracked across our customers' web sites each day. Data Analysts will want connect that usage back to configuration data in our relational database. The product itself will need to aggregate this constant flood of data in real time. Fast-forward one year. Here's what you will have accomplished:Supported data initiatives in three different products using a combination of stream processing, messaging queues, and batch ETLBecome an expert in our existing storage technologies and our use cases to suggest and implement enhancementsEnabled the Data Science team by providing them with the tools and the dataset they need to be effectiveConnected product data to business data for ad-hoc analysis with BI toolsPerformed a cost analysis for moving from a unified data storage approach to regional isolationPartnered with Information Security to define and implement recommend procedures for data storage and accessExperience:You've done a lot of work with Big Data tools, such as Spark, Storm, Hive, Hadoop, etcYou've implemented storage mechanisms for high-throughput workloadsYou're comfortable in AWS and have run production systems there"
"3068027831"	"Senior Analyst, Data & Reporting, Insights & Measurement"	"NBCUniversal"	2019-01-19	82	113	98	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=128&ao=433326&s=58&guid=0000016881df0880a019775060c30a12&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_9b31f99d&cb=1548367104833&jobListingId=3068027831"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	"Job Title Senior Analyst, Data & Reporting, Insights & Measurement  21-Dec-2018 Business Segment Ad Sales Responsibilities NBCUniversal is looking for a Senior Analyst of Data & Reporting within the Insights & Measurement team to help develop reporting and surface insights in support of the advertising sales organization.  A key objective for the Insights & Measurement team in 2019 is standardizing data and reporting outputs, establishing automation layer that enables the Insights & Measurement team and its internal stakeholders to access and analyze data more efficiently and effectively. This individual will be a critical player within the Data & Reporting team tasked with supporting the strategic goals of the broader I&M org.  He/she will contribute to the short and long term reporting and analytics strategies and capabilities prioritized to support NBCU ad sales in driving revenue across the portfolio and across platforms. This involves meeting the demands of a rapidly changing marketplace, enabling efficient data access, streamlining reporting processes and developing new data-driven tools to support a diverse portfolio of media brands and ad products. Job Number45472BRPosting Category Sales Country United States Sub-Business Ad Sales Insights and Measurement About Us At NBCUniversal, we believe in the talent of our people. It’s our passion and commitment to excellence that drives NBCU’s vast portfolio of brands to succeed. From broadcast and cable networks, news and sports platforms, to film, world-renowned theme parks and a diverse suite of digital properties, we take pride in all that we do and all that we represent. It’s what makes us uniquely NBCU. Here you can create the extraordinary. Join us. State/Province New York Career Level Experienced Qualifications/RequirementsBA or BS in Analytics, Marketing, Statistics, Computer Science or other related fieldMinimum of 2 years professional experience in media and/or advertising analytics. Cross-platform analytic experience a plus.Understanding of digital data sources, digital media/ad metrics and digital ad landscape strongly preferred (comScore, Adobe, Freewheel, Social platforms, etc.).Strong analytical skills with a proficiency in statistics, a broad spectrum of research methodologies, and exploratory data analyses and tools. Working knowledge of statistical software tools (SPSS, R, SAS, etc.) and/or data mining querying (SQL) preferred.Familiarity with front-end analytics and visualization platforms (Tableau, Domo, etc.)Experience with traditional TV measurement tools (Nielsen Media Research) and metrics and a thorough understanding of media math a plusFamiliarity with set-top-box platforms and data (e.g. comScore TV – previously Rentrak) a plus.Familiarity with ad operations and how ads are delivered and measured within and across media platformsSelf-starter with the ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously and manage your time effectively in a fast-paced environmentA passion for data, technology and the media landscapeProficiency in Microsoft excel and PowerPointDesired CharacteristicsTHE IDEAL CANDIDATE IS: Analytical and intellectually curious, energized by “figuring things out” and solving problems. Adaptable, collaborative and willing to explore options and approaches to reach an objective. You should have at least a basic understanding of the media advertising business and landscape, experience with data sources across platforms (TV, digital, social, etc.) and a facility with data. City New York Notices NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable. "
"2970424123"	"Analyst, Big Data Integration"	"Ralph Lauren"	2019-01-22	95	108	100	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=136628&s=58&guid=0000016881df0880a019775060c30a12&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_57219963&cb=1548367104832&jobListingId=2970424123"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	" Ref #:  5555790  Department:  IT  City:  Lyndhurst  State/Province:  New Jersey  Country:  United States  Company Description Ralph Lauren Corporation (NYSE:RL) is a global leader in the design, marketing and distribution of premium lifestyle products in four categories: apparel, home, accessories and fragrances. For 50 years, Ralph Lauren's reputation and distinctive image have been consistently developed across an expanding number of products, brands and international markets. The Company's brand names, which include Ralph Lauren Purple Label, Ralph Lauren Collection, Double RL, Polo Ralph Lauren, Polo Ralph Lauren Children’s, Ralph Lauren Home, Lauren Ralph Lauren, RLX, American Living, Chaps and Club Monaco, constitute one of the world's most widely recognized families of consumer brands.  Position Overview • Core member of the D&A data integration team in building the Data Lake to enable the advanced analytical capabilities on Customer Analytics, AI capabilities around Planning and Forecasting • Re-engineering of the On-premise EDW platform to the Cloud platform.• Develop integration solutions using ETL/ELT framework defined with RL D&A domain• Work on our Cloud/Data Lake strategy enabling advanced analytics.• Partner with teams/vendors to design, build and deploy Advance analytics solutions. Documentation including Requirements, Business Process, Solution Design, Functional Design, Test Strategy & Test Scripts all at varying degrees of detail Essential Duties & Responsibilities • Technical background- BS/BA or Advanced degree in a relevant field (Computer Science, Operations Research, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, or other Computational Science)• 5+ Years of experience in Data Management Strategy related to Big-Data, EDW and/or Distributed processing platforms• 3+ years of ETL/ELT experience in data management technologies (Informatica, SQL, DataStage etc.)• 2+ Years of experience analytics services (Python, R, PS3, Azure, AWS Redshit, Snowflake, Hadoop, Etc) and/or Big data platform using Hadoop ecosystem (Spark, Hive, Pig, Sqoop, Flume etc.)• Experience in NoSQL solutions (Hive, HBase, MongoDB, etc.) and managing unstructured data• Experience with Big Data on public cloud hosting services (e.g., Azure, AWS)• Retail background would be a plus, but not mandatory• Experience of the full Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC)• Able to work across multiple departments and with stakeholders in different countries and companies and manage various reviews and sign offs as part of delivery• Able to identify problems and ensure the prioritization and escalation is appropriate• To be flexible in approach and able to manage changing priorities• Excellent oral and written communication skills and able to communicate effectively and appropriately to staff at all levels• To work as part of a large team and share information using technology effectively#LI-AD1 Analyst, Big Data Integration "
"2643247633"	"Data Modeler"	"Sagence"	2019-01-21	99	143	115	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=240901&s=58&guid=0000016881df0f019cd8632541e97b13&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_970f1231&cb=1548367106318&jobListingId=2643247633"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	"Data ModelerCompany Description: Sagence is a management advisory firm dedicated to helping our clients optimize the value of their data assets. From thinking to doing, Sagence works with leading institutions in the acquisition, evaluation, development and management of their critical data assets and in the application of analytics to discover new insights, shorten time-to-value, and drive competitive advantage.Job Overview:Sagence is looking for experienced Data Modelers to help us build and enhance our client’s data capabilities and create a competitive advantage. Listed below is an overview of the position requirements as well as the characteristics of our successful professionals.Requirements:Advanced knowledge of modeling techniques for conceptual, logical and physical data modelsAdvanced knowledge of modeling normalized data structures and manipulating dataFamiliarity with multiple database platforms such as Oracle, DB2 and SQL ServerUnderstanding of the different data storage/access models (transactional, data staging, operational data store, data warehouse, data mart, data federation) and choose the model(s) appropriate for the client. Ability to work with data modeling and repository toolsets (including ERwin and other metadata management toolsets) to create work productsUnderstanding of the characteristics of various data types (structured versus unstructured)Knowledge of data format standards, including industry standards (e.g. XMI for interchange of XML)Experience with Agile methodologiesAbility to define business requirementsAbility to mentor and perform knowledge transfer to support teamTools and Technology:Proficient at leveraging tools and technology to drive value for clients. Illustrative tools include the following;Data modeling tools (e.g., ERWin, ER/Studio, IBM Data Architect)Database management systems (e.g., MYSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata)ETL tools (e.g. Informatica, DataStage, Goldengate)Consulting Acumen:Strong decision making, project management, and communication skillsDemonstrated ability in engaging and communicating with stakeholders, across both business and technology functionsStrong technical, strategic and business analysis skills with the ability to solve complex problemsIndustry Experience:Prior professional experience in a management consulting environment or client facing role is preferred, but not requiredKnowledge and experience working within Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare or Technology is preferredGeneral:Must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis. Sagence does not provide sponsorship for work visas upon hire or in the future.2-3+ years of professional experience working in a related roleMust be collaborative, innovative, curious, and resourceful, and exhibit a positive attitudeStrong desire to work on interesting projects with smart and creative peopleWillingness to travel to client sites as neededMust reside in the Chicago or New York metropolitan areaOur Culture:Passionate, diverse, creative, genuine, flexible, hands-on…these are just a few of the words that describe our culture. Our Founders and Partners are deeply involved in the client work on a daily basis. We have a high-energy workplace with a focus on producing high-quality, impactful results.We are committed to equality of opportunity, fairness, work and lifestyle balance, and mutual respect. We promote an entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging individual initiative and foster a collaborative culture and work environment which includes open communication and on-going learning. We build teamwork through small, dedicated teams who continuously teach each other and learn from one another. We strongly believe these characteristics enable our employees to develop to their fullest potential. To learn more, please visit us at www.sagenceconsulting.com"
"3095804144"	"Sr. Analyst, Risk Modeling"	"Santander Bank"	2019-01-24	114	154	132	2.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=103&ao=258352&s=58&guid=0000016881df0880a019775060c30a12&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_7d9abfba&cb=1548367104832&jobListingId=3095804144"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	" Description:[POSITION SUMMARY] Responsible for advanced portfolio risk analysis and developing the necessary forecasts and financial models to allow the senior leadership of the Bank to manage the Banks solvency and capital position. [POSITION DUTIES] Analyze and document the results for a wide range of internal and external audiences including senior management and bank regulators. Report on the results consistent with regulatory expectations (Y-14A, etc.).,Implement the models into a framework that integrates inputs from various areas to allow a combined, cohesive view of portfolio performance through the stress test horizon.,In coordination with Methodology and external third parties, participate in the design and evolution of the Banks existing suite of stress test forecasting models.,Model the impact of idiosyncratic stress tests. Document, explain, and incorporate the analysis into the Banks capital plan and/or other areas as required by CCAR/DFAST. There is a strong emphasis in model documentation and results analysis.,Work on executing the stress test on a semi-annual basis, or more frequently if needed, coordinating with Treasury, CRMIS, and other areas as needed to bring together the required inputs.Qualification:[QUALIFICATION] Minimum 4 year bachelors degree in a quantitative discipline (statistics, mathematics, economics, etc.). Advanced degree in a quantitative discipline preferred. If Master Degree then 1-2 years of working experience, if bachelors degree then 2+ years of [EXPERIENCE] Between 1 - 2 years [SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE] Familiarity with all types of credit products, their structure and behavior in various economic environments. Well versed in economic fundamentals and how to apply those within the construct of the job.,Information & Data Management,Qualitative & Analytical Judgment & Decision Making,Regulatory Knowledge & Application Risk Management & Control,Strong knowledge of Microsoft Access, Excel, and Powerpoint, particularly knowledge of Visual Basic and usage of macros within Excel. Prior experience building financial models within Excel very important.,Working knowledge of data querying languages and software, such SQL, ODBC, OLEDB desired. Solid understanding of statistics. Familiarity with statistical software packages such as SAS, Stata, R, SPSS, or Minitab would be a plus."
"2597660817"	"Sr Analyst, Business Intelligence"	"SheKnows"	2019-01-21	117	151	131	2.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=124&ao=4341&s=58&guid=0000016881df0f019cd8632541e97b13&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_d17b5593&cb=1548367106319&jobListingId=2597660817"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	" SheKnows Media is a top womens lifestyle digital media company that averages 60 million unique visitors per month (comScore) and reaches more than 300 million social media fans and followers. The company operates a family of leading media properties that include SheKnows.com, BlogHer.com, STYLECASTER.com and HelloFlo.com. The Job: This position will be a key resource in the companys growing Business Intelligence & Analytics team. This role will own and lead the building, updating, and maintaining of key weekly/monthly reports and dashboards supporting the CEO, CFO, and various executive stakeholders. The role will work closely with Business Intelligence team members and other internal stakeholders to collect, validate, and visualize data from various sources. The candidate is expected to be highly proficient in Excel, able to quickly cut and dice data, and comfortable learning how new data sets relate to business concepts and objectives. As a Reporting Analyst, your role requires great attention to detail and great comfort level working with large and complex quantitative datasets. The expectation is to produce accurate and meaningful metrics to deliver high quality and actionable insights to the business. The Work:Develop, reconcile, and distribute weekly, monthly, and ad hoc reports ensuring complete accuracy.Data extraction and transposition from web-based systems (e.g. web analytics, DFP, ad server, order management, CRM, Looker, Redshift, and various other internal and external tracking and reporting UI systems) to Microsoft Excel.Visualize and report on data in accessible and meaningful ways to internal business units.Take initiative to lead prototyping and testing of automated reports from SQL data warehouse.Stay on top of new features/developments for additional data gathering opportunities.Data mining and analysis. Drawing actionable and meaning business insights from large datasets.The Fine Print:BS/BA in a quantitative or analytical field3-5 years working with data in a similar business intelligence, reporting, or analytical role.Outstanding Excel skills required.Basic knowledge of relational database concepts, SQL, and financial statements is preferred.Prior experience with some of the following tools preferred: Tableau, Looker (or other dashboarding tools), Google or Adobe Analytics, SalesForce (or other CRM platform), DFP/OAS (or other ad servers), DSM or Operative, comScore/Nielsen/Quantcast, NetSuite or other accounting softwareAble to work in a fast-paced environment and manage multiple priorities and deadlines.Strong structured problem solving, attention to detail and organizational skills.Tech savvy and able to research and recommend tools and technologies to solve problems.Ability to quickly learn new tools, concepts and reporting processes is extremely important.About Us With a mission of women inspiring women, SheKnows Media is revolutionizing the publishing industry by forging a new kind of model that seamlessly integrates users, editors and content creators onto a single platform designed to empower all women to discover, share and create. Whether its parenting or pop culture, fashion or food, DIY or décor, our award-winning editorial team, Experts, bloggers and social media influencers produce authentic and on-trend content every day. We dig deep to learn what makes our audience tick, revealing unexpected insights on women and digital media. Our robust, end-to-end suite of premium branded content and influencer marketing solutions generate nearly 1 billion ad impressions per month (sources: DFP), allowing brands to distribute authentic content and integrated advertising at scale.  SheKnows Media offers a competitive compensation and benefits package with an exciting, fresh and engaging work environment. Join us, and love where you work!"
"3095388441"	"Data Visualization + Discovery Consultant"	"Slalom, LLC"	2019-01-24	78	119	97	4.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=127&ao=352789&s=58&guid=0000016881df0f019cd8632541e97b13&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_4c145e94&cb=1548367106319&jobListingId=3095388441"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	" Slalom is a purpose-driven consulting firm that helps companies solve business problems and build for the future, with solutions spanning business advisory, customer experience, technology, and analytics. We partner with companies to push the boundaries of whats possibletogether.  Founded in 2001 and headquartered in Seattle, WA, Slalom has organically grown to nearly 6,000 employees. We were named one of Fortunes 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2018 and are regularly recognized by our employees as a best place to work. You can find us in 28 cities across the U.S., U.K., and Canada.  Data Visualization & Discovery Consultant  Responsibilities: Collaborate with business users and analyze user requirements. Create Tableau, Qlikview, and/or Spotfire solutions and required supporting architecture (e.g., data marts) Lead and mentor data visualization developers in information presentation & delivery. Create functional & technical documentation related to Business Intelligence solutions. Provide thought leadership, best practices, and standards required to deliver effective solutions to clients. Qualifications: Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field, or foreign degree equivalent. 2+ years of progressive post-baccalaureate experience in the field of Business Intelligence or Information Management. 1+ years of experience with data visualization implementing high value-add solutions and performing administrative activities across a multi-environment infrastructure. Exceptional analytical, conceptual, and problem-solving abilities. Strong written/oral communication and presentation/interpersonal skills. Highly self-motivated and able to work independently as well as in a team environment. Demonstrable proficiency with enterprise Business Intelligence tools (e.g., Tableau, QlikView, MicroStrategy, Cognos, etc.) Advanced knowledge of SQL, including the ability to write stored procedures, triggers, analytic/windowing functions, and tuning. Knowledge of relational and dimensional database structures, theories, principles, and practices Slalom is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law."
"3090473449"	"Senior Analyst, Business Intelligence"	"SoundCloud"	2019-01-18	95	127	108	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=4120&s=58&guid=0000016881df0f019cd8632541e97b13&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_a6ba549d&cb=1548367106318&jobListingId=3090473449"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	" Senior Analyst, Business IntelligenceWhat's next in music is first on SoundCloud. As the world’s largest open audio platform, SoundCloud is powered by a connected community of creators, listeners and curators who share, discover and influence what’s new, now and next in music and audio.  At SoundCloud, as an open platform with millions of creators and listeners and several revenue models, we deal with complex questions everyday. To make better informed business decisions, we are looking for a exceptional Business Intelligence Senior Analyst who combines data science excellence with strong business acumen to distill relevant insight from the SC data asset. The role will be based in SoundCloud's New York Office and will be a core part of the Strategy & Research team. The Role: You will be an integral part in SoundCloud’s Business Intelligence function to enable a deeper, data-based understanding of the development, trending and dynamics of the company’s Creator and Listener business. You will drive sophistication of data-based decision making within the business units. Your work will directly inform strategic thinking across the company and impact, important short, mid-term decisions at middle and senior leadership level. As Senior Analyst, Business Intelligence you will:Act as a central expert function at the company by designing and implementing our Creator and Listener analysis and reporting frameworksContribute as expert to strategic projects alongside Strategy and Business teams. Such contributions may include behavioral analyses, designing, running and analyzing experimentsIndependently run ad-hoc projects to analyze and understand business implications of proposed decisionsBuild sustainable cross functional relationships across the organization, especially Creator, Listener, Marketing leads, Data Science/Data Platform and Audience ResearchFeel comfortable using SQL, and occasionally Python, to access data when conducting analyses and building Tableau dashboardsWhat you'll bring to the team:Degree in quantitative field (strong academic track record preferred)5+ years of experience in leading tech firms, ideally with streaming, subscription and/or advertising backgroundExceptional analytical skills paired with excellent business judgementAbility to work with large data sets from multiple data sources with excellent SQL skills and some knowledge of PythonExperience with Data Warehouse infrastructure BigQuery and concepts as well designing and deploying ETLs in order to transform big data into meaningful business informationStrong sense of urgency, attention to detail paired with hands-on approach; Ability to handle complex situations with clarity and confidence and thorough analysis (you do the work!)Strong resiliency and ambition to get things done despite an often-changing market and competitive situationStrong communication/presentation skills with a track record of presenting complex analysis to senior managementExcellent ability to build relationships and networks with multiple functions, regions, and at all levels of the organizationExcellent stakeholder management skills with both technical and business audiencesMust strive to deliver excellent work quality If this sounds like you, then we look forward to reviewing your application. Diversity at SoundCloud SoundCloud is for everyone. Diversity and open expression are fundamental to our organization they help us build a social platform and global community where anyone can create, discover, and share sounds. We acknowledge the challenges in our industry and strive to develop an inclusive culture where everyone can contribute.  We want to  hear from you. Apply now! Like it? Share it!  Facebook  Twitter  LinkedIn  Email"
"2917082343"	"Senior Consultant"	"TIBCO Software"	2019-01-18	88	126	103	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=186569&s=58&guid=0000016881df0f019cd8632541e97b13&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_bf6516f3&cb=1548367106318&jobListingId=2917082343"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	" The Professional Services Consultant performs analysis, designs and develops (full lifecycle) reporting and business intelligence solutions as well as delivers technical training on Jaspersoft’s software. Ability to effectively communicate instruction both verbally and writtenAbility to travel to client locations up to 70% of scheduleWork independently at client sites and home office locationsAbility to identify and respond to client issuesExhibit sound judgment in escalation of client issuesParticipate in pre-sales activities and internal development projectsPossess combination of technical and client management skills."
"3090894972"	"Business Analyst"	"Tradeweb Markets LLC"	2019-01-18	62	101	81	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=117&ao=305341&s=58&guid=0000016881df0880a019775060c30a12&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_051c5578&cb=1548367104833&jobListingId=3090894972"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	"Responsibilities/Accountabilities:Financial modeling and valuation analysis related to current businesses and new opportunitiesContract and pricing evaluations related to new or existing contract negotiationGeneral corporate financial projectsPresentation of board materialsProven business partnering skills with the ability to communicate financial information in a concise and accessible manner to non-finance personnel and management"
"3067748306"	"Analytics & Insights Senior Data Analyst"	"Uber"	2019-01-18	101	130	113	4.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=134571&s=58&guid=0000016881df0880a019775060c30a12&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_add8b8b8&cb=1548367104832&jobListingId=3067748306"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	" At Uber, we ignite opportunity by setting the world in motion. We take on big problems to help drivers, riders, delivery partners, and eaters get moving in more than 600 cities around the world. We welcome people from all backgrounds who seek the opportunity to help build a future where everyone and everything can move independently. If you have the curiosity, passion, and collaborative spirit, work with us, and lets move the world forward, together.  About the Role As a member of the Uber Eats Analytics & Insights team, the Senior Data Analyst will drive the analyses behind decisions related to our community's support experience and management of Uber Eats Restaurant support. Youll work with a cross functional team of product managers, business leaders, and Ubers customer support network to address the complex challenges of scaling our business while building out a world-class support network for our restaurant partners. The Senior Data Analyst will play a big part in developing our strategy to scale restaurant support as we develop onboarding, engagement and retention strategies. You will apply advanced analytics skills like experimental design and statistical modeling, along with advanced reporting through R and Python. The ideal candidate for this role has excellent analytical and time-management skills, with the ability to communicate and present information for stakeholders at all levels of the business. You should apply for this position if you possess a passion for improving techniques, processes, tracking, analytical insights and technology used by restaurant support team to achieve our bold goals.  What Youll Do Own data analysis and visualization, and communicate the outcomes/insights to various stakeholders including senior management to aid strategic decisions for improvements in support experience for drivers and riders Coordinate with other members of the Community Operations Team to measure the impact and efficiency of new products and business processes Develop analytical frameworks to support decision making in the US and Canada Partner closely with Uber Eats Restaurant Support team to provide insights that drive decisions around process, policy and service model Build, maintain, and communicate detailed reporting & models Develop dashboards that provide reliable insights and visualization into the restaurant experience Implement and analyze A/B experiments What Youll Need Bachelors Degree Minimum 3-4 years of data science, business intelligence, investment banking, consulting or related experience Expertise in SQL ( Hive or Presto experience a plus) Experience with R and/or Python (fluency in either language preferred) Strong teamwork skills and desire to help others learn Exceptional data management skills Strong communication and organization skills Hustle and entrepreneurship - driven and focused self-starter Strategic mindset - you're comfortable thinking a few steps ahead of where the team is at now Bonus Points If High-growth analytics or operations experience Experience working in a support environment (contact management analytics, Zendesk API familiarity, etc.) Experience in advanced reporting tools such as R Shiny, Dash, or Bokeh About the Team The NorthAm Community Operations team ensures that we are providing high-quality support at scale. The Analytics & Insights team is tasked with providing critical business insights to help identify opportunities and implement operational improvements across our entire organization."
"3066920407"	"Business Analyst - Business Intelligence"	"UBS"	2019-01-18	68	110	88	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=201248&s=58&guid=0000016881df0f019cd8632541e97b13&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_660ec4ba&cb=1548367106319&jobListingId=3066920407"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	"Your RoleAre you passionate about creating powerful analytic solutions? Do you possess Jedi-level BI skills? We're looking for someone who can help us: Analyze and decipher complex dataCollect and formulate business requirements via interviews and user discussionsDocument functional requirements, business processes, use-cases and other project artifactsDeliver wireframes and prototypes for reports, visualizations, and dashboardsAnalyze current vs. target business processes and provide recommendations for process improvementsProvide hands-on expertise within all phases of the SDLC (as it relates to BI and data warehousing)Take the next stepAre you truly collaborative? Succeeding at UBS means respecting, understanding and trusting colleagues and clients. Challenging others and being challenged in return. Being passionate about what you do. Driving yourself forward, always wanting to do things the right way. Does that sound like you? Then you have the right stuff to join us. Apply now.Disclaimer / Policy StatementsUBS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce.Your teamYou’ll be part of the Evidence Lab Innovations team within the Investment Bank in New York. Evidence Lab Innovations is charged with helping clients make better decisions with data. The analytics team is a pillar in the technology platform which provides insights to a variety of users across the bank. We work with a large number of groups, including CRM, data science, marketing, data quality teams and operations. We have a common goal to help provide meaningful insights and solutions that drive better decision-making.Your expertiseYou have: – 5+ years of experience leading data warehouse and BI projects  – Significant expertise in defining requirements, business process documentation, change management, and stakeholder management  – Proficiency with Business Intelligence platforms and visualization tools (i.e. Tableau, OBIEE, Looker, Business Objects, QlikView)  – Superior communication skills and a demonstrated ability to build consensus across different levels of the organization  – Excellent data analysis skills, including the ability to work with and profile large data sets  – Deep fundamental knowledge of data warehouse principles and dimensional modeling  – Experience working within waterfall and agile project management frameworks  – Understanding of master data management and data governance practices You are: – Highly driven in your pursuit to make the world a better place through data-based decision making  – Excellent at managing expectations across all stakeholders including IT, business users and management  – Passionate about using data to understand and solve complex business questions  – Pragmatic and methodical in your approach to design and translate requirements which are easily understood by both business and technical counterparts  – Able to effectively learning new tools, methods, applications and processes  – Superior at analyzing data to evaluate quality, completeness and value of new data sets"
"3095629156"	"Quantitative Analyst"	"UBS"	2019-01-24	106	170	131	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=126&ao=201248&s=58&guid=0000016881df0880a019775060c30a12&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_f5b9c4b7&cb=1548367104833&jobListingId=3095629156"	2019-01-24 16:58:58	"Your RoleDoes complex modeling excite you? Are you an innovative thinker? Are you an expert analyst of trade and market data? Do you have a keen understanding of the market micro-structure space? Are you able to proactively create solutions in response to continuous dynamic changes?  We’re looking for someone like that who will contribute to the Algorithmic Trading product to: be a subject matter expert in the field of equities algorithmic trading, Americas market structure and transaction cost analysisserve as a team lead for junior quantitative analystsperform original research on market microstructureimprove algorithmic strategy performance by developing new and improving existing modelscollaborate with other front office personnel and IT to improve algorithmic trading strategiesYour team: You’ll be working in the Algorithmic Trading and Analytics group in New York.  We are a global team comprised of Quantitative Analysts, Financial Engineers, Traders and Technologists. Our role is to provide trading algorithms and execution consultancy for electronic trading of equities and other asset classes.  Our team is responsible for building algorithmic trading strategies, designing high performance quant trading models, research on market microstructure and helping optimize the trading performance across equities You have: – a M.S. or Ph.D. in finance, physics, mathematics, computer science, engineering or related field. Ph.D. preferred  – experience designing and implementing mathematical models within real-time low-latency systems.  – a minimum of 5 years related Quantitative Analyst and/or product management experience  – experience as a quant within equities trading environment  – strong core Java, KDB/Q, Python  – experience working with large data sets  – experience with pre-trade models and portfolio optimization Your experience and skills:You are: – highly proficient in statistical software packages for time-series analysis  – an expert in database design and comfortable building data access queries and tools.  – hands-on and will not require assistance to collect and clean data, implement, evaluate, maintain and document your projects  – able to manage multiple projects  – an excellent communicator both written and oral  – able to work effectively on a trading floor, under pressure and deadlinesTake the next stepAre you truly collaborative? Succeeding at UBS means respecting, understanding and trusting colleagues and clients. Challenging others and being challenged in return. Being passionate about what you do. Driving yourself forward, always wanting to do things the right way. Does that sound like you? Then you have the right stuff to join us. Apply now.{\"QuestionName\":\"Disclaimer / Policy Statements\",\"AnswerValue\":\"UBS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce.\",\"VerityZone\":\"formtext42\",\"QuestionType\":\"textarea\",\"ActualValueFromSolar\":null}],\"GQId\":\"1322\",\"isGQResponsive\":true,\"isActive\":true,\"isSocialReferralJobRestricted\":false,\"localeId\":\"1033\",\"AutoOptionalReqId\":\"187792BR\",\"Title\":\"Quantitative Analyst\",\"JobSiteId\":\"5012\",\"isEverGreen\":false},\"JobDetailFieldsToDisplay\":{\"Position1\":null,\"JobTitle\":\"jobtitle\",\"Position3\":[\"formtext23\",\"formtext21\",\"department\"],\"Summary\":\"formtext12\",\"Section2Fields\":[\"autoreq\",\"formtext2\",\"formtext22\",\"jobdescription\",\"formtext58\",\"formtext59\",\"formtext65\",\"formtext60\",\"formtext45\",\"formtext18\",\"formtext37\",\"formtext43\",\"formtext42\"]},\"BrandingConfiguration\":\"{\"brandingSettings\": {\"Responsive_AdvancedCSS\": \"/*#N#GUIDELINES#N##N#• Enter CSS here.#N##N#• Please take care not to compromise accessibility including color contrast.#N##N#• Please test all window widths so that all responsive break-points remain in tact.#N##N#• Please refer to attributes of the body tag to limit the scope of your rules to a single workflow, or else be sure to check each individual workflow.#N#*/#N##N#/* Align Logo to the left */#N#.pageHeader .primaryHeaderLogoWrapperLink img {#N# display: block;#N# height: 36px;#N# margin: 7px;#N#}#N##N#/* Change font to Frutiger */#N#body, .ui-widget-content a, input { font-family: Frutiger, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif}#N##N#/* Align Search button with search fields */#N# button, .button, .btn, .primaryButton, .goLink { padding: 0 10px; height: 30px; line-height: 30px; }#N##N#/* Change welcome text tile to white */#N#.foreground { background-color: #fff;}#N##N#/* Change size of most recent jobs posted */#N#div.listContainer.mainListContainer ul.jobList li.job { padding: 10px; }#N##N#/* Changing the size of the Welcome Banner Font*/#N#.gateway .welcomeBanner .welcome .welcomeLiner .welcomeTitle {#N# font: 300 3.75em/1 Frutiger, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;#N# color: #1c1c1c;#N# padding-top: 0.02em;#N# padding-bottom: 0em;#N#}#N##N#/* Changing the size of the Welcome body text */#N#.welcomeText {#N#font-size: 100%;#N#}#N##N#/* Changing the #Q#burgerbun#Q# to blue */#N##gateway a.threeLineIcon{#N# color: #234774;#N#}#N##N#/* Changing the #Q#burgerbun#Q# links to blue */#N#.linkContainer a.headerLink {#N# color: #234774 !important;#N#}#N##N#/* Changing the sidebar width to stop text wrapping */#N#.widgetSidebar {#N# width: 350px !important;#N#}#N##N#/* Changing Job Details Page Banner from Grey to White */#N#.buttonsFooterAccent {#N# background: #FFFFFF;#N#}#N##N#/* Changing Job Details Page Black Buttons (hover) to a) white background b) text to blue and c) underline to appear as hyperlinks*/#N#/* 24/04/2017 - Changing buton color#N#/* .themed button:hover, a.button:hover {#N#/* background-color: #FFFFFF; #N#/* color: #234774;#N#/* text-decoration: underline;#N#/* }#N##N#/* Changing Job Details Page Black Buttons to white background and text to blue hyperlinks*/#N#/* 24/04/2017 - Changing buton color#N#/* .themed button, a.button {#N#/* background-color: #FFFFFF;#N#/* color: #234774;#N#/* }#N##N#/* 24/04/2017 Updating regular Secondary button color on Job Details Page */#N#.themed button, a.button {#N# border: 2px solid #DEDEDE;#N# background-color: #DEDEDE;#N# color: #1C1C1C;#N#}#N##N##N#/* 24/04/2017 Updating hover Secondary button color on Job Details Page */#N#.themed button:hover, a.button:hover {#N# border: 2px solid #BEBEBE;#N# background-color: #BEBEBE;#N# color: #1C1C1C;#N#}#N##N##N#/* 24/04/2017 Updating Regular Primary button and add Border value*/#N#.themed .primaryButton {#N# border: 2px solid #427C99;#N# background-color: #427C99;#N# color: #ffffff;#N#}#N##N##N#/* 24/04/2017 Updating hover Primary button and add Border value*/#N#.themed .primaryButton:hover {#N# border: 2px solid #225C79;#N# background-color: #225C79;#N# color: #ffffff;#N#}#N##N#/* Application Import Profile - Added color to overide change on job details page for these two buttons only and removed text decoration (underline) */#N#.profileBuilderContainer .facebook:hover {#N# background-color: #314a7d;#N# color: #ffffff;#N# text-decoration: none;#N#}#N##N#/* Application Import Profile - Added color to overide change on job details page for these two buttons only and removed text decoration (underline) */#N#.profileBuilderContainer .linkedin:hover {#N# background-color: #015f8b;#N# color: #ffffff;#N# text-decoration: none;#N#}#N##N#/* Create Profile - Social Network. Reduced padding-top from 8px to 4px to allign Facebook and LinkedIn logos centrally. */#N#.createAccountContainer .MediaIcon {#N# padding-top: 4px;#N#}#N##N#/* Create Profile - Social Network. Reduced padding-top from 8px to 4px to allign Facebook and LinkedIn logos centrally. */#N#.createAccountContainer .MediaIcon {#N# padding-top: 4px;#N#}#N##N#/* Create Profile - Social Network. Changing Facebook logo text to White */#N#.profileBuilderContainer .facebook {#N# color: #FFFFFF;#N#}#N##N#/* Create Profile - Social Network. Changing LinkedIn logo text to White */#N#.profileBuilderContainer .linkedin {#N# color: #FFFFFF;#N#}#N##N#/* Changing application Progress Bar colour */#N#.themed .progressBarContainer .progressBar .meter {#N# background-color: #E60000;#N# border-color: #E60000;#N#}#N##N#/* Reduced padding-top from 8px to 4px to allign Browse button centrally on #Q#Create your Profile#Q# page */#N#.profileBuilderContainer .fileUpload .MediaIcon {#N# padding: 4px;#N#}#N##N##N#/* Reduced padding-top from 8px to 4px to allign #Q#Saved resumes/CVs#Q# button centrally on #Q#Add Resume/CV#Q# page */#N#.profileBuilderContainer .MediaIcon {#N# padding-top: 4px;#N#}#N##N#/*change font of remove link - PMR - #87085,019,866 - remove link*/#N#.EditProfilePage .ProfileBox .ProfileSections .ProfileInfoBox .ProfileInfoContent .ui-bar.educationsection .widgetcontent .widgetclose .closeText, .EditProfilePage .ProfileBox .ProfileSections .ProfileInfoBox .ProfileInfoContent .ui-bar.experiencesection .widgetcontent .widgetclose .closeText {#N# font-family: arial;#N#}#N#/*change font of remove link - PMR - #87085,019,866 - update link*/#N#.EditProfilePage .ProfileBox .ProfileSections .ProfileInfoBox .ProfileInfoContent .ui-bar.educationsection .widgetcontent .updateText, .EditProfilePage .ProfileBox .ProfileSections .ProfileInfoBox .ProfileInfoContent .ui-bar.experiencesection .widgetcontent .updateText {#N# font-family: arial;#N#}#N##N#/*CASE TS000979632 - Change candidate zone background to white*/#N# .ApplicationDetailsContainer {#N# background-color: #ffffff;#N#}#N##N#/*CASE TS001074928 - Removing the privacy policy text only*/#N#.privacyPolicyStatementDiv > .thick {#N#display:none ;#N#}\",\"Responsive_BackgroundColor\": \"#ffffff\",\"Responsive_BackgroundImage\": \"https://sstagingjobs.brassring.com/img/images_25008_5012/images/IMG_4596.jpg\",\"Responsive_BaseFontColor\": \"#1c1c1c\",\"Responsive_BaseFontFamily\": \"'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif\",\"Responsive_BaseFontSize\": \"16px\",\"Responsive_ButtonBackgroundColor\": \"#6A7D39\",\"Responsive_CompiledCSS\": \"/* remember to define focus styles! */input,select,.control,.ui-selectmenu-button,textarea,.pseudocheckbox,.pseudoradio,.controlWrapper,.textAreaWrapper,.lightBorder,.themed .ui-selectmenu-button,.ui-state-default { border-color: #1c1c1c;}.baseFontColor { color: #1c1c1c;}.baseColorPalette { background-color: #ffffff; color: #1c1c1c;}.accentBkg { background-color: #e8e8e8; color: #1c1c1c;}.lightAccentBkg { background-color: #f1f1f1;}.veryLightAccentBkg { background-color: #f8f8f8;}.darkAccentBkg { background-color: #c6c6c6; color: #1c1c1c;}.ghostBorder { border-color: #828282;}.gateway.themed .accentBkg .borderInAccentBkg { border-color: #c6c6c6;}.linkColorOnBkg { background-color: #ffffff; color: #234774; border-color: #234774; outline-color: #234774;}body,.ui-widget-content a,input,.ngdialog.ngdialog-theme-default[role=#Q#dialog#Q#] .ngdialog-content { font-family: #SQ#Helvetica Neue#SQ#, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 16px;}body,.pageHeader,button,.menu,.dialog .region,.dialog .body,.gateway .baseColorPalette,.ui-widget-content,.facet ul.liner,.ngdialog.ngdialog-theme-default[role=#Q#dialog#Q#] .ngdialog-content { background-color: #ffffff; color: #1c1c1c;}.themed .pageHeader { background-color: #ffffff;}.themed .headerLink { color: #234774;}.themed.pageFooter { background-color: #ffffff;}.themed.pageFooter .footerLink,.themed.pageFooter .tgLocale { border-color: #E0E0E0; color: #1c1c1c;}.themed.pageFooter a { color: #1c1c1c; border-color: #1c1c1c;}.themed.pageFooter i { display: inline-block; color: #1c1c1c; border-color: #1c1c1c;}svg.styleableColor path,svg.styleableColor rect { fill: #1c1c1c; stroke: #1c1c1c;}a,a:visited,.link,.gateway.themed .linkColor,.jobtitle,.gateway .baseColorPalette a,.gateway .baseColorPalette a:visited,.facetFilterAccordion h3:after { color: #234774;}a.sidebarNav,.gateway .sidebarOverlay .sidebar { background-color: #ffffff;}.backLink { color: #234774;}.cue,.prompt,[disabled],::-webkit-input-placeholder,:-moz-placeholder,::-moz-placeholder,:-ms-input-placeholder { color: #828282;}.foreground { color: #1c1c1c; background-color: #efefef;}.foreground span,.foreground a,.foreground a:visited { color: #1c1c1c;}.gateway.themed .controlWrapper span,.gateway.themed .controlWrapper a,.gateway.themed .controlWrapper a:visited { color: #1c1c1c;}.themed .hover,.menu a:hover { background-color: #f8f8f8;}.ui-state-hover { outline-color: #1c1c1c;}.striped :nth-child(even),.even,.ui-menu-item.ui-state-focus,.ui-menu-item-wrapper.ui-state-active,.ui-datepicker .ui-state-default,.ui-widget-header { background-color: #c6c6c6; color: #1c1c1c; color: inherit;}.backgroundColor,.themed .down,.menu a:active,.menu a.active,.applyFlow .layoutsection .heading:before,.themed .ngdialog.ngdialog-theme-default .ngdialog-content { background-color: #ffffff;}.highlighted > a,.gateway.themed .selectedTile { background-color: #e8e8e8; color: #1c1c1c;}.themed .primaryButton { border: 2px solid #6a7d39; background-color: #6a7d39; color: #ffffff;}.themed .primaryButton:hover { border: 2px solid #4e5c2a; background-color: #4e5c2a; color: #ffffff;}.themed .primaryButton:active { border: 2px solid #6a7d39; background-color: #6a7d39; color: #ffffff;}.themed .primaryButton .ladda-label,.themed .primaryButton .button-label { outline-color: #ffffff;}.themed button,a.button,.themed .AppDetailBtns .ui-selectmenu-button { border: 2px solid #6a7d39; background-color: #ffffff; color: #6a7d39;}.themed button:hover,a.button:hover,.themed .AppDetailBtns .ui-selectmenu-button:hover { border: 2px solid #4e5c2a; background-color: #e7e7e7; color: #6a7d39;}.themed button:active,a.button:active,.themed .AppDetailBtns .ui-selectmenu-button:active { border: 2px solid #1c1c1c; background-color: #ffffff; color: #1c1c1c;}.themed button .ladda-label,a.button .ladda-label,.themed .AppDetailBtns .ui-selectmenu-button .ladda-label,.themed button .button-label,a.button .button-label,.themed .AppDetailBtns .ui-selectmenu-button .button-label { outline-color: #6a7d39;}.themed .closeButton,.themed .close { color: #1c1c1c;}.themed .closeButton:hover,.themed .close:hover { background: #d2d2d2;}.themed .closeButton:active,.themed .close:active { background: #e8e8e8;}.themed .clearButton { color: #1c1c1c;}.themed .progressBarContainer .progressBar .meter { background-color: #efefef; border-color: #efefef; border-width: 14px 0 14px 0; border-style: solid;}.themed .threeLineIcon { border: 2px solid #ffffff; background-color: #ffffff; color: #1c1c1c;}.gateway.themed .callout { color: #ffffff; background-color: #1c1c1c;}.gateway.themed .callout::before { border-color: transparent transparent #1c1c1c transparent;}.gateway.themed .callout::after { border-color: #1c1c1c transparent transparent transparent;}.gateway.themed .rightIcons .bellIcon .fa-stack .fa-bell { background-color: #1c1c1c; color: #ffffff;}.gateway.themed .rightIcons .panelShow { background-color: #ffffff;}.gateway.themed .rightIcons .panelShow .fa-stack .fa-bell { color: #1c1c1c; background-color: #ffffff;}\",\"Responsive_FooterBackgroundColor\": \"#FFFFFF\",\"Responsive_FooterLinkColor\": \"#1c1c1c\",\"Responsive_ForegroundColor\": \"#EFEFEF\",\"Responsive_HeaderBackgroundColor\": \"#FFFFFF\",\"Responsive_HeaderLinkColor\": \"#234774\",\"Responsive_LinkColor\": \"#234774\",\"Responsive_PrimaryHeaderLogo\": \"https://www.ubs.com/content/dam/wcms/logo/ubs_semibold_rgb_26_41x110.svg\",\"Responsive_SecondaryHeaderLogo\": \"none\"}}\",\"FooterInfo\":[{\"Name\":\"Terms of use\",\"Value\":\"https://www.ubs.com/global/en/legalinfo2/disclaimer.html\"},{\"Name\":\"Privacy statement\",\"Value\":\"https://www.ubs.com/global/en/legalinfo2/privacy.html\"},{\"Name\":\"Report fraudulent mail\",\"Value\":\"https://www.ubs.com/global/en/phishing.html\"},{\"Name\":\"Cookies\",\"Value\":\"https://www.ubs.com/global/en/homepage/cookies/cookie-management.html\"}],\"EncryptedBruid\":null,\"HashCode\":0,\"LoggedIn\":false,\"EncryptedSession\":null,\"CompiledCss\":true,\"IdForSocialLogin\":\"d8181aeb-de7f-45e3-af94-f6673c2e1fbd\",\"TotalCount\":2029,\"AllowAccessResponse\":{\"Name\":\"AllowAccess\",\"Value\":\"true\"},\"TalentSuiteClientName\":null,\"ApplyStatus\":null,\"ApplyDiff\":10,\"NextApplyDate\":null,\"LimitExceededMessage\":null,\"JobId\":\"190137\",\"JobCartResponse\":null,\"TGLocales\":[{\"SiteId\":5012,\"LocaleId\":\"1033\",\"LocaleName\":\"English\",\"SiteLocaleName\":\"English\",\"DefLangId\":\"1\"},{\"SiteId\":5048,\"LocaleId\":\"1040\",\"LocaleName\":\"Italiano\",\"SiteLocaleName\":\"Italian\",\"DefLangId\":\"52\"},{\"SiteId\":5049,\"LocaleId\":\"1036\",\"LocaleName\":\"Français\",\"SiteLocaleName\":\"French\",\"DefLangId\":\"34\"},{\"SiteId\":5050,\"LocaleId\":\"1031\",\"LocaleName\":\"Deutsch\",\"SiteLocaleName\":\"German\",\"DefLangId\":\"23\"}],\"IsGTG\":true,\"LocaleDesc\":\"English\",\"ResponsiveCandidateZone\":true,\"BasicProfileDetails\":null,\"DashboardData\":null,\"PendingAssessments\":null,\"googlejobsMappingfielddataJson\":\"\",\"CustomWebTrackerResponse\":[],\"Abc\":0}\" capture-escaped-parsed-value=\"preloadResponse\" />"
