"jobListingId"	"title"	"company"	"last_updated"	"salary_min_est"	"salary_max_est"	"salary_est"	"review"	"url"	"run_time"	"description"
"3084620367"	"Business Intelligence Analyst"	"AXA"	2019-01-11	75	101	85	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=372858&s=58&guid=000001683ed487128c40392da8912395&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_0a5257a3&cb=1547242342944&jobListingId=3084620367"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	" Job Purpose Are you looking to join a company and business that is bucking the trend? Do you have an analytical mindset and a thirst to employ state-of-the-art digital and analytics tools to drive tangible value to a business? Are you looking to help build a business intelligence capacity at one of the largest insurance companies in the world? If you answered yes to any of those questions then this could be the job for you AXA is looking for someone that can conduct data engineering, data science, and business intelligence functions for the company This position will be part"
"3083363670"	"Data Management Analyst"	"Axtria"	2019-01-10	84	126	107	3.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=126&ao=361581&s=58&guid=000001683ed4818ebbeb5ff58195a4f9&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_ced93261&cb=1547242341551&jobListingId=3083363670"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	"IntroductionAxtria is a global big data analytics company. We empower leaders across the Life Sciences and Financial Services industries to make better data-driven decisions.Our data analytics and software platforms support data science, commercial operations and cloud information management. We help to optimize business strategy by delivering cutting edge analytics from the broadest set of data sources, combined with deep technical and domain expertise. We enable commercial excellence by eliminating spreadsheets and delivering analytical guidance to the field through Axtria SalesIQ™, our cloud based sales planning and operations platform. We are leaders in managing data using the latest cloud information management and big data technologies.We have more than 900+ employees worldwide, we are growing rapidly, and we are proud to count 8 of the top 10 global Life Sciences companies and 2 of the Top 5 global banks as our customers. We serve clients with a high-touch on-site and onshore presence, leveraged by a global delivery platform. Success in the position requires a person who can engage with client stakeholders to understand their business problems, their data/technical landscape & recommend data driven solutions. Then work with clients to gather requirements, contribute to solution design, led implementation, alignment of solution to client needs and customer satisfaction.The position will be directly responsible for:- Lead development of architecture and standards for our data warehouses and data lakesHands on experience in working on Cloud platforms like AWS, Azure, GCPServe as the go-to person for Business Intelligence capabilities and available data setsGather requirements and work cross functionally across internal teamsCollaborate with Architect, build and launch new data models that provide intuitive analytics to data customersMentor and coach warehouse and data engineersBuild and maintain high-performance, fault-tolerant, secure, and scalable distributed software systemsDevelop expertise on Lifesciences data sets and lead their modeling to enable insightsImplement tools that helps your data customers to extract, analyze, and visualize data fasterEvaluate new technologies and build prototypes for continuous improvements in data infrastructure and engineeringDeep Pharma Domain experience. Understanding of various syndicated, specialty, marketing channels and associated datasetsExperience in one of these data massaging technologies – PySpark, AWS Glue, Informatica BDM.Required Skills & Experience5-10 years professional experience as a software developer, including experience as a technical leadLeading design and implementation of data warehouses and related technologiesExperience architecting and designing data modelsMastery of SQL and ETL techniquesDevelopment experience with an interpreted scripting languageBachelor’s degree in Computer Science or other technical field Desired experience:Healthcare provider experience, work with EHR/EMR data a plus.Project management experience desirableExperience in different phases of SDLC development desirable.Logistics and Location: -We are hiring for Berkeley Heights, NJ.U.S. Citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply.Flexibility to travel and/or relocate within the US as per project requirements. "
"2827776461"	"Business Intelligence Developer"	"B&H Photo Video"	2019-01-09	92	132	106	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=127&ao=4132&s=58&guid=000001683ed487128c40392da8912395&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_1edadd8c&cb=1547242342945&jobListingId=2827776461"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	"Job Overview: BI developer will be responsible for enhancing our reporting architecture, participating in UX design, dashboard/application creation and administration. Their responsibilities include translating business requirements to technical specifications, making sure best practices are followed. They will determine the suitable visualization techniques, verify data integrity and report accuracy. S/he will assist Junior developers (Level 1) with report performance optimization techniques. Essential Responsibilities: • MicroStrategy administration including: o Upgrades o Project deployment and migration o Users and security filters maintenance o Usage monitoring • MicroStrategy BI Project development lifecycle. o Data modeling: designing the semantic layer, schema layer, dimension modeling o End-to-end implementation of Business Intelligence (BI) projects (reports, cubes, interactive dashboards, documents) o Trouble-shooting and tuning SQL queries o Conduct business user discussions for requirements gathering and architecting solutions for BI projects. o Train and mentor team members and business users. Additional Responsibilities: As assigned by the manager Specific Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: • Demonstrated experience with full BI Administration cycle. • Experience with BI architecture (tables, attributes, facts, hierarchies, etc.) • Proficient in designing and developing reporting solutions • Experience with Data mining; advanced analytics and predictive analysis is a plus • Experience with advanced MicroStrategy features (distribution services, transaction services, mobile, etc.) is a plus Apply to: employment@bhphoto.com We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V. "
"3055690252"	"Senior Business Support Manager Business Intelligence / Reporting & Analytics"	"Bank of America"	2019-01-08	113	163	136	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=130&ao=133647&s=58&guid=000001683ed487128c40392da8912395&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_4ffd5a9c&cb=1547242342945&jobListingId=3055690252"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	"Job Description: Business Intelligence / Reporting & Analytics Senior Business Support Manager GBAM Technology / Risk & Finance Technology COO  About The Team  Global Banking & Markets (GBAM) Technology and Risk & Finance Technology (ERFT) provides end-to-end technology solutions and support for Global Banking and Global Markets businesses (includes: Equities, Electronic Trading, Fixed Income, Rates, Currencies, Credit, Commodities, Structured Products, and Wholesale Banking and Research) and for Risk and Finance.  The COO team manages the overall business operations for GBAMT and ERFT, which includes the following functions: Financial ManagementResource ManagementRisk ManagementPortfolio ManagementPeople StrategyReporting and Analytics Your Role  The central GBAM Technology / Risk & Finance Technology COO team is seeking a Senior Business Intelligence / Reporting Analytics Manager to help us accelerate our efforts in developing data governance, analytics and reporting. We are looking for people who are passionate about helping us use data to assess risk, pressure test controls or assumptions and contribute to a decision making framework that will allow our teams to be more agile, consistent, efficient and aware.  Primary Responsibilities: Interacts directly with the GBAM Technology/Risk and Finance Technology CIO, COO, Senior Leaders and support partners in identifying business intelligence needsContinuous review of data sources and business metrics to assess quality, integrity and appropriate useTranslate ambiguous business problem statements into requirements. Work with internal teams to define best output based on expressed stakeholder needsRecognize and adopt best practices in reporting and analysis; data integrity, test design, analysis, validation and documentationMonitor and troubleshoot operational or data issues in data pipelinesOwn the design, development, and maintenance of scalable solutions for ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards, visualizations etc. to support analytical and business needs.Learn and understand the data sources available and know when, how, and which to use and which not to use What Youll Bring: 10+ years of Business Intelligence / Reporting & Analytics experienceBA/BS in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or related fieldsMBA preferredDemonstrated strength in SQL, data modeling, ETL development, and data warehousingKnowledge and direct experience using business intelligence reporting tools. (e.g. OBIEE, Cognos, Tableau, QuickSight, MicroStrategy, SSAS Cubes, etc.)Strong ability to communicate (written and verbal) with internal and external leadersMust have discerning judgment, able to breakdown the processes contributing to the data composition and extraction, identifying potential failure modes to each process and implement solutions to prevent or detect failures when they occur.Excellent relationship, team building and facilitation skills with the ability to drive collaborations across diverse groupsSuperior leadership, problem solving and organizational skills; strong attention to detailsAbility to balance multiple and competing priorities in an extremely fast paced environmentProven analytical, logical reasoning and problem solving skills; courage to challenge a status quoCommercial awareness and understanding of business and technical environmentsExposure and experience with advanced analytical and statistical techniques would be a plus Location: US-NJ-Jersey City Shift:1st shift (United States of America)Hours Per Week:40"
"3056171040"	"Analyst - Analytics and Business Intelligence"	"Crossmedia"	2019-01-09	92	129	111	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=124&ao=4120&s=58&guid=000001683ed487128c40392da8912395&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_3cf2004d&cb=1547242342945&jobListingId=3056171040"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	" Analyst - Analytics and Business Intelligence12-11-2018The analytics group provides resources across the “equity” to the “response” side of the continuum of brand and media management. The media analytics world is moving towards addressable 1:1 measurement based on an increasingly digitized environment and exposure identifiable at an individual level. We are passionate about the possibilities of media accountability within this evolving paradigm. We are also be acutely aware of the limitations and inaccuracies of the default measurement solutions in the industry and want to push into potentially uncomfortable areas to challenge them. We employ multiple traditional and non-traditional methods and data sources to tackle challenges concerning consumer insights, brand equity, media attribution, media accountability, data dashboarding and advanced modeling. As a member of the analytics team, you will work closely with a Senior Analyst and DIrector in reviewing the team’s project briefs and partnering with the New Business and Account Teams to help solve current and prospective client strategic problems. This is a significant responsibility as the agency looks to the Analytics group for much direction and strategic thinking. Confidence will come from a varied background in a combination of: brand management, management consulting, communications strategy and media analytics.  In this role, you will be working predominantly with one of our premier clients, Capital Group (www.capitalgroup.com). Capital Group is a financial services company. It ranks among the world’s oldest and largest investment management organizations with $1.87 trillion in assets under management. Founded in Los Angeles, California in 1931, it is privately held and has offices around the globe in the Americas, Asia, Australia and Europe.  Capital offers a range of products, including more than 40 mutual funds through its subsidiary, American Funds, as well as separately managed accounts (or collective investment trusts), private equity, investment services for high net worth investors in the U.S., and a range of other offerings for institutional clients and individual investors globally. IDEALLY YOU…Enjoy the creative process of solving problems collaborativelyAren’t afraid to share your thoughts if there’s a different way to do something betterThrive in team settings and willing to compromise their point of view in support of othersVery adaptable to fluid change and an entrepreneurial environmentDon’t mind rolling your sleeves up for data cleansing, data visualization and analysisAre comfortable with frequently leading client presentationsCan weave a story from thousands of data pointsLove collaborating with teams and multiple departments/agenciesHave solid organizational skills including attention to detail and multi-tasking agilityBelieve good thinking can come from anyone and any placeWork with team on strategic discussions to help our client, Capital Group, to help define media objectives, target customers & opportunity sizing, communication channels, optimal budget allocations and investment levels, media timing, and messaging.Translate clients’ business questions into an actionable data and research plan.Generate quantitative and qualitative consumer and market research including:Demographic, psychographic, and behavioral customer profilingMedia channel coverage, penetration, receptivityBrand health deep divesCompetitive analysisCategory trendsTransform raw data into engaging visuals and compelling stories. You will bring data and research to life for clients and choose the best visuals and mediums to deliver your message.Help develop and innovate Crossmedia’s data and analytics offerings. Keep us on the cutting edge of data tools and technology. .Click here for more"
"3081261689"	"Data and Reporting Analyst"	"Cynet Corp"	2019-01-08	70	104	84	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=114&ao=352789&s=58&guid=000001683ed4818ebbeb5ff58195a4f9&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_e11b4f13&cb=1547242341550&jobListingId=3081261689"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	" We are looking for Data and Reporting Analyst for our client in New York, NY  Job Title: Data and Reporting Analyst  Job Location: New York, NY  Job Type: Contract Job Description: Solid knowledge of business data requirement gathering and analysis techniques  Deep understanding of complex data relationships associated to business processes  Ability to analyze reporting data requirements, produce data integration functional specifications and source to target mapping documents  Understanding of various data transfer and change data capture mechanisms  Understanding of error handling and data reconciliation processes  Ability to communicate technical information to non-technical audience  Knowledge and understanding of data models and database design  Knowledge of commercial underwriting business processes within property and liability insurance domains is highly desirable  Understanding of ISO and other bureau reporting is highly desirable  Understanding of policy administration system functionalities is desirable  Experience with testing of reporting outputs is required and exposure to COGNOS reporting is desirable  Working experience in a PEGA environment is desirable  Excellent customer facing, presentation and written communication skills  Analyze reporting requirements and source data structures to produce mapping specifications  Coordinate with business analysts to coordinate and resolve source data mapping issues  Create test scenarios to validate reporting output support defect analysis and triaging  Work with development teams to clarify questions  Coordinate with business stakeholders to ensure conformity of reporting outputs  Follow project timelines to ensure timely delivery and escalate risks and issues to project management teams"
"3080911506"	"Senior Business Intelligence Engineer"	"Dataminr"	2019-01-08	147	203	178	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=126&ao=337462&s=58&guid=000001683ed487128c40392da8912395&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_7468f8c8&cb=1547242342945&jobListingId=3080911506"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	"Type: Full TimeWho we are: We are Dataminr. We deliver real-time, actionable alerts that are derived from vast amounts of publicly available information. Our clients are the first to know about high-impact events and critical breaking information, giving them the opportunity to act faster and stay one step ahead when every second counts. We are a mission-driven company committed to the power of real-time information as a force for good in the world.  Our groundbreaking AI and machine learning technology cuts through the noise in an increasingly complex landscape by detecting, classifying, and determining the significance of public information. Headquartered in NYC, Dataminr has revolutionized the way that global news, finance, public sector, corporate security and PR/communications professionals know and act on critical, relevant information to protect people, assets and brands.  Along the way, we've grown to over 450 talented employees across six global offices, raised over $570 million from leading venture and growth technology investors, and been referred to as the \"super tool of journalists and hedge funds.\" We've received numerous awards and accolades from our clients, including recognition from CNBC as one of the world's 50 most disruptive private technology companies in 2016 and joining Forbes' definitive list of the top 100 private cloud companies in the world, in 2017 and 2018.  A career at Dataminr offers the ability to make a meaningful impact at a rapidly growing tech company with a startup culture, while being supported by the experience of a company founded in 2009. We value ownership, curiosity and drive on an individual level and live these values every day. We empower everyone to have a voice at the table and regularly invest in professional development. Our culture promotes cross team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it enables us to do our best work and have fun. Who you are: You're an experienced Senior Business Intelligence (BI) Software Engineer interested in helping us analyze and deliver insights from our product data and sales pipelines. You have stood up BI solutions before, you know what questions to ask, what the leading BI platforms require and how to optimize workflows to streamline business processes. You're proficient at SQL and proprietary BI platform environments, you have experience with cloud-based architectures, analytics data structures and data quality. You work well with Data Analyst partners, are comfortable leading technical BI discussions, know when and how to make decisions and you enjoy mentoring and helping others. The opportunity: You'll be using a combination of 3rd party and homegrown BI tooling to help our business and product teams learn from our data. In this role, you'll help us build and evolve the BI solutions, working with our 3rd party vendor and other teams across engineering, product, finance, marketing, sales and customer success.  In the first month, you'll start off by learning the ropes, spending time with different parts of the company to understand how Dataminr works.get up to speed on our BI tech stack and data structures with overview sessions and deep dives with your team.contribute code to production systems. Within 3 months, you'll: share responsibility for BI tooling with other members of your team.help to plan new features and improvements.begin to take more of a role in helping others understand our BI strategy. Within 6 months, you'll: own an area of the BI stack.design BI features that impact multiple teams.be influential in helping plan the next iterations of our BI tooling.bring new ideas to our engineering and BI processes to help us improve constantly.The way we work: To maintain our momentum, we need a talented, diverse team of people committed to the idea that real-time information can be a force for good in the world. We take initiative, ownership, and are accountable.We work urgently and thoughtfully and are driven to constantly improve.We share knowledge, consider varied perspectives, and assume positive intent.We are commercially minded and deliver measurable results.We maintain a sense of humor and humility.Our offering of competitive benefits and perks include:Company paid benefits for employees and their dependents, such as medical, dental, vision, disability and lifeFlexible spending account to be used for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses401(k) savings plan with company matchingGenerous leaveDaily catered lunchA kitchen fully stocked with snacks and beveragesDiscounted Gym MembershipDataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.#LI-ID"
"3055963540"	"Senior Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Dataminr"	2019-01-09	125	165	142	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=111&ao=337462&s=58&guid=000001683ed487128c40392da8912395&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_b8df66d8&cb=1547242342945&jobListingId=3055963540"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	"Type: Full TimeWho we are: We are Dataminr. We deliver real-time, actionable alerts that are derived from vast amounts of publicly available information. Our clients are the first to know about high-impact events and critical breaking information, giving them the opportunity to act faster and stay one step ahead when every second counts. We are a mission-driven company committed to the power of real-time information as a force for good in the world.  Our groundbreaking AI and machine learning technology cuts through the noise in an increasingly complex landscape by detecting, classifying, and determining the significance of public information. Headquartered in NYC, Dataminr has revolutionized the way that global news, finance, public sector, corporate security and PR/communications professionals know and act on critical, relevant information to protect people, assets and brands.  Along the way, we've grown to over 450 talented employees across six global offices, raised over $570 million from leading venture and growth technology investors, and been referred to as the \"super tool of journalists and hedge funds.\" We've received numerous awards and accolades from our clients, including recognition from CNBC as one of the world's 50 most disruptive private technology companies in 2016 and joining Forbes' definitive list of the top 100 private cloud companies in the world, in 2017 and 2018.  A career at Dataminr offers the ability to make a meaningful impact at a rapidly growing tech company with a startup culture, while being supported by the experience of a company founded in 2009. We value ownership, curiosity and drive on an individual level and live these values every day. We empower everyone to have a voice at the table and regularly invest in professional development. Our culture promotes cross team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it enables us to do our best work and have fun. Who you are: You're an experienced and technical Senior Business Intelligence Analyst interested in applying your quantitative skills to challenging questions within a data-intensive, information SAAS business that drives innovation across multiple sectors. You have worked closely with senior executives in a highly analytical role (data analysis and visualization, business or marketing analysis, optimization problems) understanding and refining key metrics and their relationships to measure business success. You develop warm relationships with stakeholders and enjoy helping them understand metric trade-offs as you drive influential decisions forward and create impactful change. You excel when you are extracting meaning from complex and big datasets and you have ample technical experience with optimizing SQL, BI platforms, and using Python and R to transform granular event data into aggregated insights [bonus for experience with Spark, SCALA, Redshift, Vertica or Presto]. You communicate your insights both verbally and visually, you are comfortable managing your own work while juggling multiple priorities in a rapidly-growing organization and you naturally build effective partnerships across organizational and functional boundaries in order to deliver high-quality and impactful results. The opportunity: Data Analysts at Dataminr continuously improve the accuracy and efficiency of our analytics and reporting infrastructure. We drive process optimizations forward and provide an analytical framework for the insights that inform product, marketing, sales, and business decisions across the company. This is an opportunity to shape the next generation of our analytics platform including the evaluation of AI features. You'll work to refine what we measure and how we interpret and use that data to inform business decisions. To do this, you'll use a combination of 3rd party and homegrown BI tooling to transform raw data into meaningful insights informed by best practices in data governance and analytical techniques. You'll identify metrics that enable high quality understanding of the performance of the company's key initiatives and then work with our BI and Analytics Engineers to implement the corresponding custom metrics, dashboards and tooling that measure and track performance. You'll work with individual teams to enhance their use of data to improve efficiencies and you'll continually teach what you learn to others.  In the first month, you'll start off by learning the ropes, spending time with different parts of the company to understand how Dataminr works.get up to speed on our company metrics, our data structures and our BI tooling with overview sessions and deep dives with your team.contribute code to production systems. Within 3 months, you'll: Help to plan new metrics and refinements to existing metrics.share responsibility for BI projects with other members of your team.begin to take more of a role in helping others understand our BI strategy. Within 6 months, you'll: own BI initiatives that impact multiple teams.be influential in helping plan the next iterations of our BI tooling.bring new ideas to our engineering and BI processes to help us improve constantly.The way we work: To maintain our momentum, we need a talented, diverse team of people committed to the idea that real-time information can be a force for good in the world. We take initiative, ownership, and are accountable.We work urgently and thoughtfully and are driven to constantly improve.We share knowledge, consider varied perspectives, and assume positive intent.We are commercially minded and deliver measurable results.We maintain a sense of humor and humility.Our offering of competitive benefits and perks include:Company paid benefits for employees and their dependents, such as medical, dental, vision, disability and lifeFlexible spending account to be used for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses401(k) savings plan with company matchingGenerous leaveDaily catered lunchA kitchen fully stocked with snacks and beveragesDiscounted Gym MembershipDataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.#LI-ID"
"2830382669"	"Healthcare Strategy Consultant"	"Humana"	2019-01-11	96	157	123	3.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=134416&s=58&guid=000001683ed487128c40392da8912395&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_6a2c968b&cb=1547242342944&jobListingId=2830382669"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	"DescriptionThe Healthcare Strategy Consultant provides data-based strategic direction to identify and address business issues and opportunities. Provides business intelligence and strategic planning support for business segments or the company at large.ResponsibilitiesHumana, a Fortune 100 Healthcare CompanyHumana is a publicly traded, Fortune 100 health benefits company with a long history of successful innovation and reinvention. It has transformed itself from the largest US nursing home company in the 60’s, to the largest US hospital corporation in the 80’s, to a leading health benefits company beginning in the 90’s. Today, Humana is a leader in consumer-focused health solutions and is one of the largest health benefits organizations in the country.Role Overview: Healthcare Strategy ConsultantThe Healthcare Strategy team supports Humana’s Retail business segment, which is comprised of the company’s Medicare and Medicaid businesses. With over 9 million medical members and ~$45B in 2017 revenue, Retail is Humana’s largest business segment, comprising over 80% of the company’s total revenue and the majority of its earnings. Team members partner with the senior leaders of the Retail business segment, and more broadly with leaders throughout the enterprise, as they deliver strategy projects addressing some of the businesses most important opportunities and challenges. These high profile strategy projects place the small team at the forefront of helping to define the future of Humana’s largest businesses. Humana is seeking a Consultant who will work with fellow team members to identify solutions and recommendations to high level strategic challenges prioritized by the Retail leadership team. You’ll deconstruct issues and challenges, conduct targeted research and analysis, and craft sound, logical solutions and recommendations. You’ll also help to identify implementation considerations for recommendations, and help to transition analysis into execution by business owners. While doing so, you’ll have the opportunity to collaborate with fellow team members, subject matter experts, members of Humana’s executive Management Team, and corporate, functional, and business segment leaders. Recent projects include development of the annual Retail strategic plan, developing a 3-5 year growth strategy for Humana’s largest and most important market, assessing the performance of strategic initiatives and business areas, and identifying improvement opportunities for a key business division. Key responsibilities include:Managing analysis and/or work streams within high-profile, high-impact strategy projectsSupporting interviews and working sessions with leaders within Retail and across the companyConducting industry, market, competitor, and financial analysis and identifying insights for HumanaCreating high quality analysis and sections of deliverables that clearly frame objectives, issues, and challenges, and articulate insightful findings and recommendationsWorking collaboratively with fellow team members and leaders across the companyRole EssentialsBachelor’s degree with a strong record of academic achievement2+ years of full-time work experience in strategy consulting, investment banking, or corporate/ business unit strategyStrong problem solving skills and demonstrated ability to perform complex quantitative and qualitative analysisStrong record of leadership in a work setting and in extracurricular activitiesExcellent verbal and written communication abilitiesHighly collaborative, flexible, teamwork oriented working styleStrong commitment to personal and professional growthRole DesirablesFinance, accounting, engineering, business, or technical focused undergraduate majorManaged care and/or healthcare services work experienceReporting RelationshipsThe role reports to the Healthcare Strategy team leader and works closely with the entire strategy teamScheduled Weekly Hours40"
"2995529467"	"Data Engineer - New Grad Spring 2019"	"Impact"	2019-01-09	87	100	92	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=110&ao=334837&s=58&guid=000001683ed487128c40392da8912395&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_2d0f2a7c&cb=1547242342945&jobListingId=2995529467"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	"Our CompanyAt Impact, our culture is our soul. We are passionate about our people, technology, and are obsessed with customer success. Working together enables us to grow rapidly, win, and serve the largest brands in the world. If you are looking to join a team where your opinion is valued, your contributions are noticed, you get to work with fun and talented people solving cutting-edge marketing challenges with technology, and advance your career, this is the place for you. Impact operates globally with offices worldwide in Santa Barbara, San Francisco, Columbus, New York, London, Cape Town, Norway, Sydney & Singapore.  Our company is transforming how advertisers handle media and performance marketing partnerships. Our integrated suite of products enables digital brands and agencies to maximize their return on global ad spend by providing a single trusted view into the consumer journey from ad impression through acquisition across all devices and channels.Why this role is exciting:You will join an ambitious and collaborative team behind Forensiq (subsidiary of Impact, Inc.). Our distributed platform incorporates cutting-edge fraud detection techniqueswe stop online advertising fraud. The platform processes TBs of data daily; handles very low latency response times (  Does this sound like you?Proficient in at least one high-level programming language and shell scripting.Java or Scala experience (with Hadoop, Spark, HBase) preferred.Knowledge of distributed systems preferred.Intimate knowledge of Computer Science principles and fundamentals, namely algorithms, data structures and their complexity.Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written.Ability to prioritize tasks and work independently.Ability to adapt and focus on the simplest, most efficient and reliable solutions.B.S. in Computer Science or similar field or equivalent experience.Responsibilities:You will envision system features by analyzing business and requirements.Prioritize and plan for work according to those requirements.Design, document, code, and test technical solution for new or existing systems.Follow agile software development methodologies for implementation.Assist in identifying, classifying and resolving bugs and advanced support cases.Collaborate with technical operations to ensure the production system runs smoothly.Embrace change. We learn as we go and adjust our plans accordingly.Benefits/Perks:Medical, Dental and Vision insuranceUnlimited PTOFlexible work hoursWeekly catered lunches, a healthy snack bar, and phenomenal coffee to keep you fueledFlexible spending accounts and 401(k)An employee-led culture team that plans our happy hours, parties and other events to celebrate our many successes.An established company with a cool, high velocity work ethos, where each person can make a difference! _________ We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status."
"2494229336"	"Business Intelligence Manager"	"Indeed"	2019-01-10	94	130	112	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=4120&s=58&guid=000001683ed487128c40392da8912395&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_180fa56e&cb=1547242342945&jobListingId=2494229336"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	" Ref#: R0007641  Additional Posting Location(s): Austin, Stamford Our mission.  As the world’s number 1 job site, our mission is to help people get jobs. We need talented, passionate people working together to make this happen. We are looking to grow our teams with people who share our energy and enthusiasm for creating the best experience for job seekers. The team.  We are builders, we are integrators. Business Intelligence creates and optimizes solutions for a rapidly growing business on a global scale. We work with distributed infrastructure, petabytes of data, and billions of transactions with no limitations on your creativity. With tech hubs in Seattle, San Francisco, Austin, New York, Dublin, Tokyo and Hyderabad, we are improving people's lives all around the world, one job at a time. Your job.As the Business Intelligence Manager for Finance Strategy and Analysis at Indeed, you will have a direct impact on the business by partnering with Finance on their reporting and analytic initiatives to support all business functions. You know how Finance teams work and how to empower them with data and solutions. You understand that the best managers serve their teams, removing roadblocks and giving individual contributors autonomy and ownership. You have delivered challenging technical solutions. You have led business intelligence teams and earned the respect of talented analysts. You are equally happy talking algorithms and data structures as you are brainstorming about topics such as business opportunities and career development. You want to be in the mix technically while providing leadership to your teams. As our organization grows, you will help ensure we keep the talent bar high, and grow the skills and capabilities of our team.  Responsibilities Provide technical and team leadership and management for Indeed’s Finance business intelligence team supporting the Finance Strategy and Analysis organizationLead business intelligence platform integration and maintenance, defining and building reports and dashboardsHelp boost company performance through revenue or efficiency gains, as a result of the BI Team’s effortsHave detailed knowledge of Indeed’s data, and processes - including forecastingWork closely with internal stakeholders to implement solutions that meet their needs, while making sure the priorities for your team are properly aligned to business needsCollaborate with BI leaders across Indeed to drive business performance locally and globallyEmpower members of your team to grow their skillset and advance their career goals About you.  About you.Requirements 4+ years experience leading BI teamsExperience leading cross functional teams to deliver business value through dataExperience analyzing high volumes of data for multiple purposes in a dynamic environmentTrack record in driving a data driven culture across business unitsPrevious or current Python programming experienceStrong numeracy and algebraic skillsAbility to simultaneously manage large projects and manage rapid delivery of requestsSolid understanding of data structures and algorithmsStrong ability to coach analysts, helping them improve their skills and grow their careersExperience with business intelligence tools, e.g. TableauFinance Strategy, analysis and forecasting experience a distinct advantage"
"3078999577"	"Product Specialist - Cloud"	"Informatica"	2019-01-05	98	148	121	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=119&ao=425517&s=58&guid=000001683ed487128c40392da8912395&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_f2e6c430&cb=1547242342945&jobListingId=3078999577"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	" Our Team  We play a vital role not only with regard to revenue generation, but also with Informaticas reputation in the marketplace. Were the frontline evangelists, the direct line to our customers. Our success is due to the knowledge that we can confidently stand behind every product we offer as well as the unlimited potential for personal and professional growth that a position in Sales affords us.  Your Opportunity  In this role youll work on integration and data management problems of a diverse scope where analysis of data requires evaluation of identifiable factors. You may be asked to build rapid prototype solutions based on customer requirements to demonstrate feasibility of the Informatica Cloud platform in solving the customer's specific challenges. Youll also provide technical support during customer trials of the software, educating them about the capabilities in the process. You will also provide technical presales support for sales presentations, product demonstrations, installation and maintenance of company products under evaluation to ensure that the system is functioning according to specifications, as well as provide answers to customer inquiries concerning system software and applications. A team of highly experienced technical specialists will be available to assist you in more complex scenarios, as well as our Global Customer Support team, who can assist with product support issues affecting customers during evaluations.  Our Ideal Candidate  You have hands on Relational Database skills and an basic understanding of open standards such as SOAP, REST, OAUTH and the role APIs play in application integration. You have gained experience in ETL (highly desirable), Data Warehousing, Business Intelligence from your previous roles. You are have some exposure or familiarity with SaaS Applications (Salesforce.com, NetSuite, Marketo, Microsoft Dynamics CRM, etc), Data Warehousing, Business Intelligence and/or Operational systems such as Oracle Financials, SAP Financials, Seibel or similar. You have a working knowledge of common data management challenges as well as familiarity with how Informaticas Cloud Platform can be leveraged to solve such challenges. Its understood that your communication skills are effective and you are poised and confident when making presentations. You exercise sound judgment within generally defined practices and policies when selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions.  Your Responsibilities  Your key focus is on supporting the sales organization from pre-sales systems engineering consulting activities through post-sales installation and implementation support. Youll work closely with the sales staff to qualify and prove opportunities for Informatica Cloud Data Integration (CDI) and Informatica Cloud Application Integration (CAI) opportunities. Additional responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following:  •Prepare and present solutions leveraging the Informatica Intelligent Cloud Services (IICS) Platform Remotely demonstrate Informatica Cloud Data Integration (CDI) and Informatica Cloud Application Integration (CAI) solutions to prospective customersRespond to Customer Requests for Information on Informatica Cloud productsProvide remote assistance with customer evaluations and prototyping solutions with Informaticas Cloud Data Integration and Cloud Application Integration offerings  Your Qualifications  •BS Degree or equivalentExperience with databases like Oracle, DB2, SQL ServerExperience in product applications with the ability to understand and explain related technical issuesExcellent presentation and poise.Database certifications a plusExperience in ETL, Data Warehousing, Business Intelligence highly desired."
"3083252929"	"Senior Data Analyst - NYC"	"Looker"	2019-01-10	76	103	88	4.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=413761&s=58&guid=000001683ed4818ebbeb5ff58195a4f9&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_1fe40fee&cb=1547242341550&jobListingId=3083252929"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	"WHO WE ARE Looker is on a mission to bring better insights and data-driven decisions to every business. Everything we do is aimed at making sure our customers love every aspect of Looker, from our products and technologies to our ease of doing business and our support. We are looking for curiously brilliant individuals to join our team as we reinvent data analytics. Get data-driven and see yourself at Looker. WHAT WE'VE GOT GOING ONLooker is seeking a Senior Data Analyst to join our fast growing team. You will be (or become) a Looker expert and support our internal business analytics. Our new Data and Analytics team has been tasked to simplify our analytic infrastructure that will pioneer new techniques and implement best practices which will influence how Looker is used worldwide. We are going from observational analytics to predictive and prescriptive analytics and we need your perspective! We want you to join our team as we enhance our data-driven culture even further. You will be a leader on our team leading analytics for multiple business domains. You will also be responsible for growing junior analysts' technical and modeling skills while working in the same team as the data engineers who can help you get the data you need. WHAT WE NEED YOU TO DOBe a leader who provides guidance and opportunity for juniors as you build world-class analytic toolsFind the answers we need quickly; care deeply about qualityIdentify information gaps. Bring people and processes together to fill themScale our data model and enable self-serve analyticsBe a good communicator. Share your findings. Sometimes in large and high stakes situationsTranslate business logic into data models and enrich our Data DictionaryGive our data and practices a life outside of yourselfMove fast. Take ownership. Affect change.WHAT YOU BRING TO LOOKERHighly proficient In SQLPrior experience leading large technical projects7+ years experience in a technical role as an analystExperience in implementing business analytics in sales/marketing, product analytics). Experience in implementing statistical models is a plusDaily experience with an analytical or relational databaseA well-informed opinion about the properties of a good business intelligence toolA LITTLE MORE ABOUT LOOKERLooker is a unified Platform for Data that delivers actionable business insights to every employee at the point of decision. Looker integrates data into the daily workflows of users to allow organizations to extract value from data at web scale. Over 1600 industry-leading and innovative companies such as Sony, Amazon, The Economist, IBM, Spotify, Etsy, Lyft and Kickstarter have trusted Looker to power their data-driven cultures. The company is headquartered in Santa Cruz, California, with offices in San Francisco, New York, Chicago, Boulder, London, Tokyo and Dublin, Ireland. Investors include CapitalG, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Meritech Capital Partners, Redpoint Ventures and Goldman Sachs. For more information, connect with us on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook and YouTube or visit looker.com.Looker aspires to be a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspective, and background lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users. We encourage you to join us in changing the way businesses use data."
"3054966662"	"Data Analyst"	"Lyft"	2019-01-08	116	153	133	4.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=133581&s=58&guid=000001683ed4818ebbeb5ff58195a4f9&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_f6fdc683&cb=1547242341550&jobListingId=3054966662"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	" At Lyft, community is who we are and it's what we do. It's what makes us different. To create the best ride for all, we start in our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization where all team members are recognized for what they bring.  As metropolitan cities grow, we aim to transform the way people commute within the city through becoming the leader in the development and operation of such vehicles. From bikes and scooters to future forms of transportation, you will be at the forefront of driving these new initiatives and revolutionize technology.  Data is at the heart of how Lyft makes business, product, and engineering decisions. Lyft Bikes and Scooters (LBS) data scientists work with business owners to develop business insights and make actionable recommendations. The Operations team is looking for a passionate data analyst to come work along alongside us to take on some of the most interesting and impactful problems in the future of bikes and scooters.  The Operations data analyst will work in a fast paced and agile environment and pursue a variety of unique and challenging problems ranging from labor optimization, scooter placement, demand forecasting, and more. You will dig into the data to uncover insights, design experiments and measure the impact, and ultimately help influence top-level decision-making. You must have an operational mind-set and be excited about diving deep into our operations, working hand in hand with local ops teams.Responsibilities:Focus area of this role will be to own the operational analytics side of growing the scooter and dockless bike businessDevelop understanding and set business metrics that measure the health of our operations, as well as rider experiencePartner with product managers, engineers, marketers, designers, and local operators to translate business insights into decisions and actionFind opportunities for growth and efficiencyDesign and analyze experiments; communicate results and launch decisionsDevelop analytical frameworks to monitor business and operational performanceExperience & Skills:Degree in a quantitative field like statistics, economics, applied math, operations research or engineering. Advanced degrees are preferred4+ years of industry experience in a data science or analytics roleProficiency in SQL - able to write structured and efficient queries on large data setsExperience in programming, especially with data science and visualization libraries in Python or RStrong oral and written communication skills, and ability to collaborate with cross-functional partners to build the business"
"3084442529"	"Quantitative Analyst"	"Macquarie Group"	2019-01-11	121	197	151	3.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=107&ao=293901&s=58&guid=000001683ed4818ebbeb5ff58195a4f9&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_4a4994f5&cb=1547242341550&jobListingId=3084442529"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	" We are looking for a recent PhD graduate to join the central quantitative strategy team as a Quantitative Analyst focusing on fixed income products.  Our quantitative strategy team works within the front office team working closely with global sales, structuring and sales business. They focus on applying specialist methods from mathematics, science and engineering to generate revenue. We work on derivative valuation and risk, automated trading and execution, and data-driven decision-making.  Most critical to your success will be your interest and ability to implement financial models for product valuation, risk analysis and trading. Working on the trading floor, youll have the opportunity to build strong relationships across the business by providing quantitative expertise to traders, structurers and marketers, as well as our technology and compliance teams.  Were looking for a creative thinker who can extend and evolve our quantitative models library.  We are seeking a candidate with: Outstanding academic achievements, a PhD in a quantitative discipline (e.g. maths, physics or engineering), and a strong academic networkA demonstrable interest in financeExperience with C++, Python or other programming languages will be advantageous Please apply now, for this outstanding opportunity to be a part of a global team, closely aligned with revenue generation.  Find out more about Macquarie careers at www.macquarie.com/careers  Commodities and Global Markets provides clients with an integrated, end-to-end offering across global markets including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or protected veteran status. Macquarie takes affirmative action in support of its policy to and advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities."
"3027289115"	"Systems Analyst Sr"	"Memorial Sloan-Kettering"	2019-01-11	72	134	98	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=243878&s=58&guid=000001683ed4818ebbeb5ff58195a4f9&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_4fd1da0f&cb=1547242341550&jobListingId=3027289115"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	" Company OverviewAt Memorial Sloan Kettering (MSK), we’re not only changing the way we treat cancer, but also the way the world thinks about it. By working together and pushing forward with innovation and discovery, we’re driving excellence and improving outcomes. For the 28th year, MSK has been named a top hospital for cancer by U.S. News & World Report. We are proud to be on Becker’s Healthcare list as one of the 150 Great Places to Work in Healthcare in 2018, as well as one of Glassdoor’s Employees’ Choice Best Place to Work for 2018. We’re treating cancer, one patient at a time. Join us and make a difference every day.Job DescriptionMSK is seeking a Sr. Applications Analyst on the CIS Orders Team to manage the Allscripts’ Sunrise Clinical Manager (known internally as Clinical Information System/CIS) implementations, ongoing maintenance, upgrades, enhancements, interfaces and integration with existing and new systems. Work collaboratively with the CIS Project Managers, CIS Managers, Information Systems and various Ancillary Department Managers to assure a successful implementation of CIS including but not limited to Order Entry/Order Results, Clinical Documentation and Clinical Decision Support. The Sr. Applications Analyst supports CIS operations and leads inter-departmental teams in the implementation of system enhancements, changes and fixes, including documentation of functional design specifications, system configuration and testing.  You Will: Collaborate with MSKCC leadership, clinicians and information systems staff, to implement new CIS functionality to support clinical and operational workflowsBe responsible for CIS Orders Team activities related to design, implementation, troubleshooting and problem resolutionBe responsible for all areas relating to CIS orders (building, modifying, testing, implementing etc)Work autonomously to manage assigned projects that involve working with both ancillary departments and multidisciplinary groups within CIS and across clinical departmentsGuide the analysis and design of data requirements, interface specifications within CIS to meet enterprise needsFacilitate meetings to review and update users on new functionality and create training documentation and detailed workflowsProvide daily support and off hours on call support for CIS functionality You Are: Capable of building strong customer relationships and delivering customer-centric solutionsA good decision-maker with proven success at making timely decisions that keep the organization moving forwardAble to work effectively in an environment notable for complex, sometimes contradictory informationConsistently achieving results, even under tough circumstancesAdept at planning and prioritizing work to meet commitments aligned with organizationalAdept at building partnerships and working collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives and goalsAn effective communicator, capable of determining how best to reach different audiences and executing communications based on that understandingResilient in recovering from setbacks and skilled at finding detours around obstaclesAble to operate effectively, even when things are not clear or the way forward is not obviousAdept at learning quickly, applying insights from past efforts to new situations You Have: Bachelor’s Degree in Healthcare, Computer Science (or equivalent experience); Master’s Degree preferred2-4 years’ experience in a complex, multi-departmental healthcare environmentHL7 knowledge strongly preferredExperience with Allscripts Sunrise Clinical Manager (SCM) configuration is a plusExperience in performing clinical system implementations or equivalent1 year experience in managing projects #LI-POSTClosingMSK is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, religion, creed, disability, veteran status or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision.  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment."
"2756076638"	"Data Analyst"	"New York Times"	2019-01-09	83	115	100	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=109&ao=242900&s=58&guid=000001683ed4818ebbeb5ff58195a4f9&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_05b31402&cb=1547242341550&jobListingId=2756076638"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	"Job DescriptionAbout the position:Wirecutter is seeking a Data Analyst to join our small-but-growing Finance and Data group. The data team is responsible for data analytics, data engineering, and data science for TheWirecutter.com. This is an interdisciplinary role that works with stakeholders across the company, including senior leadership.Why you should apply:We’re pioneering a new type of service journalism and if you’re savvy and experienced in web analytics, ecommerce, affiliate marketing or any combination of the above you will have a unique opportunity to help shape how we improve our readers’ lives. As the Data Analyst, you will play a key role in helping us understand our readers and informing the direction of our business by defining, monitoring and analyzing essential web analytics and business metrics and communicating appropriate findings with recommended actions to stakeholders. About Wirecutter:Founded by journalists fed up with the time and energy it takes to shop, Wirecutter developed a simpler approach to giving buying advice: just tell people exactly what to get in one single guide. The company’s purpose: to help people find great things, quickly and easily. Through rigorous testing, research, reporting, and whatever means necessary, they create straightforward recommendations that save readers from unnecessary stress, time, and effort. We then monetize these guides by enabling our readers to easily purchase the products they are interested in.Locations:Even with offices in New York City and Los Angeles, Wirecutter remains a highly remote culture, and open to employing people across the country (and in Canada!). Right now, we are eligible to hire in CA, CT, CO, DC, FL, GA, IL, MA, ME, MI, MN, NV, NY, NC, OR, PA, TX, VA, HI, NH, MO<U+200B>, WA. If you live outside of these states but are still interested in working with Wirecutter, you are welcome to apply, and we will keep your information on file for future opportunities.Responsibilities: Maintain ongoing reporting that paints a picture of the “pulse” of our businessProactively analyze data to answer key questions from stakeholders or out of self-initiated curiosity with an eye for what drives business performanceAbility to understand the business operations as a whole and translate questions into effective analysis based on the goals behind the specific asksCommunicate findings effectively and translate them into recommended actions appropriate for each area of the business Design and build automated reporting dashboards on our BI platformQualifications:Excellent verbal and written communication skillsComfortable deconstructing complex and open-ended problems which may not yield a clear cut solutionAbility to work independently and to carry out assignments to completion based on the original goals with minimal supervision4-year degree in statistics or related field3+ years of experience in a data analyst role at an affiliate marketing, e-commerce company, or online publisher3+ years of experience using SQL is required1+ year of experience designing and building automated reporting dashboards with a data visualization tool such as Tableau or similarProficient with statistical analysis tools such as R or similarGoogle Analytics certification or equivalent experienceDemonstrated ability to work collaboratively in a multi-disciplinary teamStrong interest in Wirecutter’s missionCulture and benefits at The New York Times Company and Wirecutter:Though Wirecutter has physical locations in both NYC and LA, the company promotes and encourages a remote workforce, so that our employees can work in flexible and comfortable ways.We are committed to career development, supported by a formal mentoring program as well as tuition reimbursement. The New York Times Company offers frequent panel discussions and talks by industry leaders (Sheryl Sandberg, Melinda Gates and Ta-Nehisi Coates are a few recent examples), that we encourage our employees to attend.We believe diversity fuels innovation and creativity, and we have a variety of employee groups and task forces across The New York Times Company and Wirecutter dedicated to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace.We offer a generous parental leave policy, which was recently expanded in response to employee feedback. Birth mothers receive 16 weeks fully paid, adoptive parents and birth fathers receive 10 weeks also fully paid. Similarly, we offer competitive health and dental insurance, as well as 401k matching.#LI-HK1The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply.The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics."
"3079171234"	"Business Intelligence Analyst"	"OkCupid"	2019-01-05	96	129	110	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=103&ao=182759&s=58&guid=000001683ed487128c40392da8912395&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_9423a6ee&cb=1547242342944&jobListingId=3079171234"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	" OkCupid is looking to hire a technical Business Intelligence Analyst! OkCupid is looking for a BI Analyst to contribute to our data-driven organization. We enjoy working on a product that helps millions of people find love and get a great sense of satisfaction in seeing our hard work make a difference. If that's the kind of thing that appeals to you, you're probably a good fit for OkCupid! In this role, you will: Analyze company performance across Product, Marketing, Finance, and more Design and create intuitive yet scalable reports, dashboards and visualizations that business owners can rely on to drive business processes Prepare trend analysis and investigative reporting for product teams and senior management Enable our analytics by developing data models and empowering our BI tools. Work with product owners to test new features in the product and analyze the performance of your experiments Help us better understand the business of love!"
"3083855886"	"Business Analyst"	"Progyny"	2019-01-11	76	120	96	3.7	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=14295&s=58&guid=000001683ed487128c40392da8912395&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_15c1bec3&cb=1547242342945&jobListingId=3083855886"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	" We are recruiting for a Business Analyst to join the Business Intelligence team. You will own the analysis for multiple lines of business including pharmacy, sales, and member experience as well as understand market trends to support the company’s strategic development and growth. This role will have wide exposure to all departments and levels across the company. What you'll do...Responsible for driving the strategy for sales analytics, pharmacy management, and the patient treatment journeyEvaluate effectiveness of existing KPIs and develop new KPIs to measure organizational performance toward achieving revenue, quality and satisfaction targetsUnderstand business goals, know how to find the data measuring the effort put into meeting those goals, and analyze internal data to find trendsManage presentation of insights to key stakeholders in a way that is easy to understand and actionableBuild reports and dashboards in Power BI and Cognos (prior experience not required)RequirementsAbout you...0-2 years of relevant experience, preferably at a top-tier consulting firm or healthcare companyBachelor’s degree requiredAbility to analyze large sets of data (30M+ rows of data)Proficiency in Excel requiredProficiency in SQL preferredOrganized and methodical, strong attention to detailMust be analytical and possess excellent data manipulation skillsStrong written and verbal communication skillsAbility to work autonomously with minimal direction on multiple endeavors at onceBenefitsAbout us... We are a leading fertility benefits management company that combines clinical and emotional guidance, science, technology and data to provide comprehensive value-based fertility solutions for self-insured employers. Our benefit plans are designed to improve outcomes, shorten time to pregnancy and reduce total fertility-related costs. We currently support over a million lives and have over 500 clinic locations in its provider network.  Come join our mission of making any member’s dream of parenthood come truth through a healthy, timely and supported fertility journey.  Progyny Perks: Health, dental, vision and life insurance options for employees and familyPaid vacation and summer flex timeCompany equityBonus program401K MatchMentorship programLeadership and personal development programsMonthly training seminarsAccess and transparency from the leadership and exec teamFamily friendly benefits including paid maternity and paternity, fertility benefits (including egg freezing and IVF), emergency childcare program, and parent’s groupMonday breakfastsFriday lunchesCompany social eventsOur kitchen stocked with fresh fruit, drinks, and snacksSit/stand desks"
"2950823148"	"Business Intelligence Developer"	"RB"	2019-01-09	82	118	95	3.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=106&ao=186603&s=58&guid=000001683ed487128c40392da8912395&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_59ac8e08&cb=1547242342944&jobListingId=2950823148"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	"RB is the world’s leading consumer health and hygiene company. We work with the best people to challenge conventional thinking and keep giving people innovative solutions for healthier lives and happier homes, through our brands.A fantastic opportunity is available for an enthusiastic and experienced Business Intelligence Developer to join our Ecommerce team in Parsippany, NJ.Are you looking to be at the forefront of driving change and growth for some of the world biggest brands? As a member of the RB Ecommerce team, you will be an integral part of driving this change & growth within a rapidly evolving industry. We are looking for entrepreneurial minded individuals with backgrounds in Data Science, Business Intelligence, and Data Engineering that can improve our data ecosystem, streamline efficiencies across systems, automate business processes, and achieve brilliant results. RB is seeking individuals who are looking to work in this new space to help define how we look at data for the future and help find answers to problems that we’ve never asked ourselves before. These individuals will be: • Collaborate with Data Engineers and Software Engineers to implement the data architecture and design of ecommerce data• Consult with Sales, Marketing, and Finance teams to identify data needs• Own the development and maintenance of backend data systems and reporting• Own implementation of self-service analytics capabilities for stakeholders (e.g. PowerBI & Tableau dashboards) • Ad hoc analysis of developer and customer engagement• Use statistical and Machine Learning techniques to find what matters most and apply your knowledge about data science by creating algorithmic solutions to make necessary assessments.• Perform detailed analyses on our online customer in order to make recommendations on how to increase business growth. The data scientist will focus on blending various data sources and applying machine learning models and data mining techniques to create these insights and new processes.Basic Qualifications• Degree in Computer Science, Business Intelligence, Mathematics, Statistics, or related technical field• 1 to 3 years of experience in business analytics at scale• Experience writing queries in SQL• Experience in PowerBI development • Experience in designing and implementing robust, scalable reporting systems• Experience in data mining, using databases in a business environment with large-scale data sets• Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and deal with ambiguity• Ability to clearly communicate data insights to others.• A solid grasp of the business side of technology with an understanding and zeal for metrics and analysis to deliver on business objectives.Preferred Qualifications• Experience in Machine learning• Experience in gathering requirements and formulating business metrics• Experience analyzing existing data for insights and statistical properties.• Experience with efficient and scalable dataset creation for large ML solutions.• Experience with Tableau development• Experience with data visualization software, preferably Tableau• Excellent written and verbal communication with multiple levels of leadership involving both business and technical sides of business• Experience with major programming language (i.e. Java, Python, R) and/or scripting language (Perl, Unix Shell, etc.) to process data for modeling• Experience in statistics (i.e. regression, crosstabs, and cluster analysis)• Statistics/Machine Learning with applications in R or Python.• Experience with site experimentation (A/B testing) is a plusWhy RB?• Fast paced. Tired of having to jump though endless hoops to get things done? Not here. We move fast and deliver.• Growth. Frustrated by the lack of growth opportunities in your current company? Not here¡ RB takes pride in the development and continued growth of our employees through steady rotations and promotions.• Autonomy. RM empowers you to OWN what you do.• Iconic Global Brands. http://bit.ly/RBNABrands Take a look. You´ll be surprised at how many you already have in your home. • Feel good about the Company you work for! RB is committed to making the world a better place through betterrbusiness. http://bit.ly/rbsustainability• Passport Stamps. Does working internationally interest you? Perform well and Global doors can open for you at RB. • Work with smart people. We have a talented workforce that believes in sharing ideas to help each other, and the company succeed.• Vacation. We offer 4 weeks´ vacation, 9 core Holidays and 4 floating days.• 16 weeks paid Maternity leave.• Competitive base salaries and bonuses.• Tuition reimbursement. In return, RB will offer you a very competitive salary with excellent benefits, a fast-paced working environment with incredible opportunities to develop yourself, and the chance to progress your career within a truly global organization.Apply Now for a chance to really change the game!RB is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. . "
"3055016971"	"Solutions Engineer - Business Intelligence"	"Roku"	2019-01-08	116	169	138	3.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=136412&s=58&guid=000001683ed487128c40392da8912395&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_5f3ba66c&cb=1547242342945&jobListingId=3055016971"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	"The Role and Responsibilities: The Solutions Engineer Business Intelligence will play a high profile role on the Product Management team, launching new reporting & analytics solutions for the publishers and channel owners on the Roku Platform. This person will be responsible for strengthening our most strategic partner relationships by making valuable business insights easily accessible and actionable. Design and develop interactive data visualization and dashboards for the benefit of both internal and external stakeholders with a particular focus on our publisher communityUse your existing familiarity with coding to learn LookML and take advantage of the more advanced features of Looker, such as Looker BlocksSit in on partner meetings and facilitate discussions to explain our reporting & analytics capabilities and to better understand the business needs of the publishers on the Roku platformCollect, compile and synthesize feedback from cross-functional stakeholder groups and use those insights to keep our publisher reporting & analytics product roadmap closely aligned with rapidly evolving market dynamicsMonitor the usage of dashboards in production as another source of feedback and proactively identify opportunities to improve the user experienceInterface with Product Management teams to ensure upstream and downstream dependencies are identified and incorporated into their roadmaps; for example, working with the data warehouse product manager on the development of new aggregate tables or with the web development team to integrate a new dashboard on the developer portalHelp with go-to-market preparations for new dashboards, including hosting internal training session to ensure partner-facing teams understand all the metrics, filters and other features as well as how to interpret the data and translate insights into actionCollaborate with Marketing and Communications teams to prepare training materials, technical documentation, partner presentations and other collateral and enablement materials related to our reporting & analytics productsTroubleshoot any bugs or other issues that are escalated to the Product team for resolution, such as data discrepancies, missing data or trouble using a dashboard or more specific featureEngage with Data Engineering and, as necessary, with Data Science for ongoing product planningEstablish yourself as the subject matter expert on the Looker business intelligence software and a reliable, go-to resource for teams interested in unlocking more value from analytics for our publisher partnersImplement and improve processes to increase overall team productivitySkills/Attributes:Resourceful, persistent and self-directed with a strong disposition toward actionA utility player who steps in whenever and wherever neededIntellectually curious and committed to continuous improvementA team player with a strong desire to win as a teamSomeone who can disagree then commit fullyConfident interacting with both technical and business audiencesComfortable with ambiguity, working in an unstructured start-up environmentFamiliarity with digital media, mobile app analytics, marketing performance analytics, and/or video streamingExperience/Qualifications:At least intermediate mastery of SQL (a coding challenge will be required)At least intermediate mastery of one or more other analytics programming languages such as Python or R (this isnot a data science or data engineering role)2+ years intensive experience working in business intelligence platforms such as Looker, Tableau, Periscope or Domo (the less intensive, the more year required)Web development experience a big plusExperience applying the practices and principles of design thinking and customer-centricity (a case study will be assigned)This role can be based in New York City or Los Gatos, CaliforniaBachelors degree or equivalent #LI-OR1"
"3023125947"	"Data Engineer"	"Saggezza"	2019-01-08	123	139	129	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=115&ao=367730&s=58&guid=000001683ed487128c40392da8912395&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_44fa5cb6&cb=1547242342945&jobListingId=3023125947"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	"Data Engineer, Saggezza New York, NYWhats the role? Saggezza is a technology consulting organization that helps that helps companies embrace cutting-edge solutions and improvements. As consultants, developers, and analyst we help our clients adapt and transform the way in which they do business.  Were looking for a talented Data Engineer to work with our clients in New York, New York. Every project will be different, but youll always be responsible for:Specification, development, test and rollout of features on clients data platform. You are expected to contribute to the vision, understand clients product road map, integrate business value and client experience and contribute to build an engineering culture within the team. This initiative is of critical important to the success of the organization and our road map, for instance, services like liquidity analytics, billing, client on boarding, reporting and others will rely on the data platform.Managing multiple tasks and use sound judgment when prioritizing.Collaborating with global cross functional team in building customer centric products.Analyzing existing software implementations to identify areas of improvement and provide deadline estimates for implementing new features.Updating and maintain documentation for team processes, best practices and software runbooks.Establishing trusted partnerships with peers, product heads, and executive level stakeholders.What youll definitely need:Minimum 2 years of relevant professional experience using a modern programming language (preferably Java/Scala)B.S. or higher in Computer Science (or equivalent work experience)Experience with microservice architectureExperience with Kafka, MongoDB, Hadoop, CassandraExperience with AWSExperience leveraging test driven development techniques.Comfort with Agile operating models.What wed love to see:Experience in Financial Services or Fintech.Team oriented Strong interpersonal and communication skills Energetic, self-directed, and self-motivated.We are looking for someone who is passionate about technology and engineering.Exceptional analytical skills and ability to apply knowledge and experience in decision-making to arrive at creative and commercial solutionsAbility to leverage technology to deliver business valueYou are independent and comfortable in a fast paced, ambiguous and often multi-directional work environment Dont tick all the boxes? Dont worry about it: we still want to hear from you if you think youre the right person for the job. Why join our team?Work on major software projects for FTSE 500 companiesWork directly with our clients C-level executives from day oneWere growing fast. Come on board for the chance to grow with usEnjoy an agile and collaborative culture as part of a team of likeminded individualsWe have offices across North America, Europe, and India, which means global opportunities for career advancementTravel and work on-site with some of the worlds biggest companies Have you found us through our Saggezza Careers site? If not, take a look to find out more about life at Saggezza in each of our locations. Saggezza is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer: We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity. We base our employment decisions on merit, experience, and potential, without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, religion, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited by federal, state or local law."
"2753907724"	"Analyst/Sr. Analyst, Sales Strategy & Operations"	"Salesforce"	2019-01-08	88	115	101	4.4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=125&ao=62649&s=58&guid=000001683ed4818ebbeb5ff58195a4f9&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_5ae12fb6&cb=1547242341551&jobListingId=2753907724"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	"The Analyst/Sr. Analyst, Sales Strategy & Operations professional will play a crucial role in supporting the explosive growth of Salesforce products. This role is hybrid of traditional jobs in strategic planning, sales operations, finance, and analysis – requiring a mix of market analysis, sales optimization and business operational support. This role is part of a high-performance team. Success in this role means assisting the appropriate sales group or business partner to drive the continued success of Salesforce by supporting our sales growth strategy. Sample projects range from the strategic to the very operational including evaluating worldwide market opportunities, supporting the creation of the product growth strategy, business planning, market segmentation, sales pipeline analysis and regular review of key performance metrics. Deliverables include detailed analytic models, custom performance analysis, building a scalable reporting infrastructure, and packaging findings into presentation-ready content for Salesforce executives. The role requires interaction with various areas of the organization and provides exposure to senior executives.The successful candidate will have relentless curiosity and possess a passion for creating innovative analysis to identify opportunities. Moreover, this person will excel at extracting insights from data and converting ideas to action. Responsibilities:Lead ongoing analysis of business performance to support daily operations Design and interpret key performance metrics. Deliver insights & recommendationsAssist in developing and delivering presentations for senior executivesSupport strategic initiatives including fixing weak businesses and investing in emerging marketsAssist in troubleshooting operational issues as they surface; propose changes to systems/ processes to fix root causesPrepare analysis and recommendations for strategic decision making Desired Skills/Experience:Analyst 2-3 years of experience/ Sr. Analyst 3-5 years of experienceValuable work experience focused on quantitative analysis, Excel, and logical reasoningBachelor’s degree from an accredited university. MBA a plus.Self-starter and high degree of motivation to go above and beyond the task at handExceptional problem solving skills: demonstrated ability to structure complex problems, develop solutions Strong presentation skills, especially related to building compelling PowerPoint presentationsWork experience in consulting, finance, or product management is a plusExperience with SQL, Tableau, R, Python and/or Business Objects (or similar analytical packages) a plusPosting StatementSalesforce.com and Salesforce.org are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org.Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records."
"3080019626"	"Lead Data Engineer - Product"	"Showtime Networks"	2019-01-07	137	154	143	3.9	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=115&ao=464191&s=58&guid=000001683ed4818ebbeb5ff58195a4f9&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_f289e7f4&cb=1547242341550&jobListingId=3080019626"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	" Lead Data Engineer - Product Apply  Ref#: 31435  CBS Business Unit: Showtime  Job Type: Full-Time Staff  Job Schedule: Full-Time  Job Location: New York, NY, US  Description: The Showtime Product team is looking for an experienced, curious and creative Lead Data Engineer to help us pursue answers to our increasingly interesting and complex business questions and empower our team to incorporate data-driven features and machine learning into our products, which include our standalone service SHOWTIME and our TV Everywhere service, Showtime Anytime.In this role, you will lead the data engineering team and interface with our dedicated Product Analytics team, the Showtime Research and Data Strategy teams, the CRM team and our in-house engineering team, and you will architect and enable technologies, systems and workflows that enable our analysts and data scientists to focus on algorithms and analyses than on the associated engineering.Ideal candidates will be innovative, self-motivated, a quick study, and willing to develop new skills while constantly improving existing abilities.Key Technologies:Java, Scala, Groovy, Spark, AWS, AWS/EMR, Spring, Mongo, Git, Redis, Bamboo, JIRA, etcResponsibilitiesLead and mentor 2-3 data engineersDevelop understanding of key business, product and user questions.Collaborate with other Product Engineering team members to develop, test and support data-related initiatives. Work with other departments to understand their data needs.Evolve data-driven feature prototypes into production features that scale; streamline feature engineering, so that the underlying data is efficiently extracted.Build flexible data pipelines that we can rapidly evolve as our needs change and capabilities grow.Develop and enhance data warehouse in AWS S3. Qualifications:  4+ years of relevant experience in a comparable lead data engineering roleExpert-level knowledge of SQL/Spark SQLExperience in pursuing and applying data-backed decisions, such as recommendations, trends etc. to make the core product betterYou like to dive-deep on data questions to come up with effective solutions and are comfortable summarizing key insights graphically when neededYou believe in writing code that is easy to understand, test and maintainYou thrive in a workplace that values autonomy, applauds ideas and a enjoys a sense of humor #dice About Us: SHOWTIME and its critically-acclaimed, award-winning original series continue to make their mark on the cultural landscape, with one of the most successful programming slates in all of television. With an impressive line-up of new and returning original series, the SHOWTIME hit dramas and comedies include TWIN PEAKS, HOMELAND, SHAMELESS, BILLIONS, RAY DONOVAN, THE AFFAIR, I’M DYING UP HERE, SMILF, and THE CHI. SHOWTIME will also debut two limited series this year, PATRICK MELROSE staring Benedict Cumberbatch and ESCAPE AT DANNEMORA from Ben Stiller. Original series play a key part in the SHOWTIME programming mix, along with box office hits, comedy and music specials, provocative documentaries, and hard-hitting sports programming, including the flagship franchise SHOWTIME CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING®, the Emmy Award-winning documentary series ALL ACCESS, A SEASON WITH and the Emmy Award-winning veteran series INSIDE THE NFL. SHOWTIME is currently available to subscribers via cable, DBS and telco providers, and as a stand-alone streaming service through Apple®, Roku®, Amazon, Google, Xbox One and Samsung. Consumers can also subscribe to SHOWTIME via Hulu, YouTube TV, Sling TV, DirecTV Now, Sony PlayStation® Vue and Amazon Channels. The network’s authentication service, SHOWTIME ANYTIME, is available at no additional cost to SHOWTIME customers who subscribe to the network through participating providers. Subscribers can also watch on their computers at www.showtime.com and www.showtimeanytime.com.Showtime Networks Inc. (SNI), a wholly-owned subsidiary of CBS Corporation, owns and operates the premium television networks SHOWTIME®, THE MOVIE CHANNEL™ and FLIX®, and also offers SHOWTIME ON DEMAND®, THE MOVIE CHANNEL™ ON DEMAND and FLIX ON DEMAND®, and the network's authentication service SHOWTIME ANYTIME®. Showtime Digital Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of SNI, operates the stand-alone streaming service SHOWTIME®. SNI also manages Smithsonian Networks™, a joint venture between SNI and the Smithsonian Institution, which offers Smithsonian Channel™, and offers Smithsonian Earth™ through SN Digital LLC. SNI markets and distributes sports and entertainment events EEO Statement: Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled Apply "
"3021720930"	"Director, Business Intelligence & Analytics"	"Sony Music Entertainment"	2019-01-05	109	161	135	4.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=112&ao=52448&s=58&guid=000001683ed487128c40392da8912395&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_3eeeed70&cb=1547242342945&jobListingId=3021720930"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	" The Orchard is a leading independent music, film and video distribution company distributing music from artists such as Ozuna, G Herbo, and Nina Nesbitt as well as acclaimed movies like The Dawn Wall, Bart Layton’s American Animals, and Oscar-nominated films Life, Animated and Cartel Land. With cutting edge operations and an unparalleled global team, The Orchard partners with companies of all sizes to make their music, films and videos available across hundreds of digital outlets and physical retailers around the world. At The Orchard, the focus is to provide a comfortable, social and engaging environment to encourage productivity and creativity.  The Orchard is hiring a Director, Business Intelligence & Analytics to join our NYC team.  The Orchard Business Intelligence & Insights team is looking for an extraordinary data scientist/BI professional who is passionate about designing, developing, and fielding solutions that have a direct and measurable impact to The Orchard business. You will work with various business leaders and executives to help identify viable data mining opportunities, prototype those, and then work with data engineering to implement end-to-end analytical solutions. You have a broad knowledge of existing data mining algorithms, BI tools, prototyping/visualizing data for business consumption and the creativity to invent and customize when necessary. Responsibilities include: Working with infrastructure teams to design and implement internal analytic solutionsDevelop and implement proof-of-concept solutions for new technologies, regression, and machine learning algorithmsMeet with business stakeholders to gather business requirements for advanced analytics and algorithmic problem-solving projectsResearch, prepare and present industry expertise white papers, conference keynotes, meet-ups and one-off meetings with industry expert peersCollaborate and lead data science projects in tandem with academic institutionsDevelop new tools, capabilities, and infrastructure to improve how data scientists conduct data analysis and model researchLeverage existing BI tools such as Looker, Mode, Tableau, to roll out prototypes and proofs-of-concept for making the case for large-scale infrastructure projectsField requests, investigate, research,map and evaluating the value of adding new data sources for enterprise-wide adoptionPursue and maintain relationships with data science and BI leads within our parent company, Sony Music and Entertainment2 to 4 years of experience applying data science techniques to real, high priority business problems.Mastery of statistical computer languages (Python, SQL, R, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.2 to 4 years of experience fielding business data and analytics questions and mapping those to BI solutionsExperience in and passion for creating data science and visualization prototypes based on meeting demanding business use casesKnowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests, and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applicationsExperience performing ad-hoc analyses and presenting results in a clear mannerExperience with databases, relational and NOSQL, and cloud-based data warehousesKnowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.Shown understanding of the full software development lifecycleExcellent problem solving, critical thinking, and communication skillsProven ability to evaluate and apply new technologies in a short timeExperience building data science or data analysis toolsSelf-motivated, proactive and solution-orientedEducationBS degree in computer science, statistics, applied mathematics, or equivalent quantitative field, and/or Bachelor's in a non-science/math field, with complementary experience in data science/BI  The Orchard is a leading music, film and video distribution company operating in over 40 markets worldwide. With a comprehensive artist & label services offering including full-service marketing, sync licensing, video services, transparent data analysis, advertising, rights management, digital and physical distribution and more, The Orchard empowers creators and businesses to grow and adapt in the dynamic global industry. For further information, visit www.theorchard.com. The Orchard is committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of age, disability, national origin, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, veteran or military status, genetic information or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, or local law."
"2996596647"	"Business Intelligence Developer"	"UBS"	2019-01-10	82	118	94	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=118&ao=201248&s=58&guid=000001683ed487128c40392da8912395&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_8e17aa86&cb=1547242342945&jobListingId=2996596647"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	"Your RoleAre you excited about working on a very critical business intelligence project? Have you worked on designing, development, support of SSAS cubes using Tabular model and SSIS packages? If so, you are the right person for the role. We’re looking for someone like that who can: To design, build & maintain SSAS Tabular cubesTo design, develop and maintain SSIS packages and familiar with XMLA/AMO/JSONCreation and optimisation of MDX/DAX queriesTo monitor the performance, reporting of SQL/DAX queriesExperienced developer with Power BI StackTo analyze user and business requirements, design and implement appropriate solutionsTo design and code programs following in-house standards and good design principlesTo support various test environment like QA, UAT etcTo ensure that all programs are documented to the UBS standardsTo work in an agile and iterative environmentYour teamThis is a Senior Cube/SSIS developer (AD) role in the area of Market Risk within Risk IT division of UBS. The role will be based in USA.What we offerTogether. That’s how we do things. We offer people around the world a supportive, challenging and diverse working environment. We value your passion and commitment, and reward your performance. Keen to achieve the work-life agility that you desire? We're open to discussing how this could work for you (and us).Take the next stepAre you truly collaborative? Succeeding at UBS means respecting, understanding and trusting colleagues and clients. Challenging others and being challenged in return. Being passionate about what you do. Driving yourself forward, always wanting to do things the right way. Does that sound like you? Then you have the right stuff to join us. Apply now.Disclaimer / Policy StatementsUBS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce."
"3055952819"	"Data Analytics Lead"	"Venmo"	2019-01-08	95	147	119	3.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=109&ao=355374&s=58&guid=000001683ed487128c40392da8912395&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_e675a739&cb=1547242342945&jobListingId=3055952819"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	"About Us Venmo was founded on the principles of breaking down the intimidating barriers around financial transactions to make them intuitive, friendly, and even fun. And it worked: people love sending money with Venmo, and we're growing by leaps and bounds!  But we're only just getting started. We want to take that magic of sending money with Venmo and cascade it into every place where people use money. That means connecting people to their money in the most intuitive and fun way possible, then connecting people with each other. Users already love Venmo, but we know there are lots of things we haven't thought of to make the experience of using Venmo even more delightful and valuable. All that's going to take a lot of figuring out. Let's figure it out together! Data Analytics at Venmo Analytics plays a crucial role across Venmo. We approach problems inquisitively and with a desire to find solutions in our data. We believe that Analytics should drive business decisions across the company in order to keep our product simple, joyful, and delightful. The RoleResponsible for managing a team to drive the data driven decisions for a core business initiative at VenmoMotivate, lead, coach, and mentor team of analystsEnsure the timely delivery of data initiatives while continually raising the barEncourage technical and organizational innovation while managing realistic deadlinesFoster a collaborative attitude within the team and across the broader Venmo organizationPlay a key role in people-related initiatives including recruiting, onboarding, performance reviews, training, career advancement, etc. As an Analytics lead, you'll drive critical business decisions, build out our analytical capabilities, and work on perplexing problems. You'll be a thought leader for a small team and work to surpass goals through site optimization of data and experimentation. Day-to-Day ResponsibilitiesLeading a team of analysts and ensure proper development and growth in their careersProvide strategy and recommendations for your team and clientsDesign and analyze experiments to support product developmentDefine and evaluate key metrics and understand what moves them and whyWhat we're looking for7+ years of experience in business analytics, consulting, data science, and/or business intelligence1-2 years experience managing a small teamSQL guru, and working knowledge of Python or RPassionate about data quality and consistencyValues quality and reproducibility as a cornerstone of data scienceStrong analytical intuition and business acumenAbility to articulate insights, influence the decision making process, all the while successfully building productive working relationships with cross functional teamsAbility to manage competing priorities into a roadmap and align a team around these initiatives with a focus on impact We know the confidence gap and imposter syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates. Please don't hesitate to apply."
"3056632567"	"Business Intelligence Manager"	"Verizon"	2019-01-09	107	146	126	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=128&ao=133279&s=58&guid=000001683ed487128c40392da8912395&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_edffd331&cb=1547242342945&jobListingId=3056632567"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	"What you’ll be doing... This is a Business Data Modeling & Analytics position in the Analytics Team within Financial Planning & Analysis (FP&A) which involves understanding, analyzing, modeling and communicating performance metrics across the Telecom Consumer Organization. Your primary responsibility will be the development of forecast models to drive improved business performance in multiple areas. You will analyze complex marketing problems from many angles to recommend optimal strategies or corrections to the plan. You will also be creating presentations for operations reviews, monthly meetings, etc referencing multiple data sources and needed. Developing Excel analytical and forecast models to project the impact of strategic business decisions as required.Handling analytical inquiries, data pulls and working with large data sets using the following systems: OLAP cubes, IM Web, Vz.Ai., Teradata, Excel spreadsheets and other ad hoc reports.Creating and maintaining PowerPoint presentations in a standardized format. Meeting key presentation and operations review deadlines for analytics inputs.Strategizing, overseeing, documenting, resource planning and defining scope on multiple projects with evolving timelines.Working cross-functionally within the group as well as other PLM and finance teams to bring together the relevant parties to solve analytical questions.Backfilling other analytics team members and picking up other analysis tasks as needed.Correlating unit/functional performance with revenue and vs. targets.What we’re looking for... You are good with numbers and you love to dig into data to find the story. Designing predictive Excel models is a fun afternoon for you. You’re able to translate numbers into compelling stories---and tailor your presentation and recommendations to the audience function and level to meet their needs. You are detail-oriented and know how to focus on what really matters. You have a knack for understanding and visualizing just the right way to share data and practical insights so that people can understand. You enjoy aligning various work streams to ensure the same vision and goal is achieved.  You will need to have: Bachelor’s degree in business, marketing, information systems, analytics/business intelligence, engineering, mathematics, statistics, other related discipline or four or more years of work experience.Six or more years of relevant work experience.Experience using excel to develop analytical reports/models.Experience with Microsoft Word and PowerPoint.Experience with Teradata/Oracle/MS SQL Server and analyze data sets using SQL.Experience with Tableau or similar analysis tools. Even better if you have: A degree.Demonstrated solid PowerPoint skills with the ability to create quality presentations.Demonstrated ability to thrive in a dynamic environment and manage multiple and often conflicting deadlines.Solid understanding of how financial performance effects business strategy and objectives.In-depth knowledge of data sources within Verizon data warehouse and BI systems/metrics.Demonstrated strong project management skills.Experience investigating and solving complex technical problems and data discrepancies.Worked with Business Intelligence systems to provide diagnostic self-serve information to clients and business units.Knowledge of MDX /queries and using OLAP.Ability to lead and facilitate cross functional teams of managers and directors to gain consensus and execute to deliver results.Demonstrated capability to communicate complex information in a way that people understand – whether verbal or written.Willingness to work extended hours as needed.When you join Verizon... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better."
"3081245230"	"Business Analyst, AMECS"	"Vizrt"	2019-01-08	87	134	108	4.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=122&ao=4341&s=58&guid=000001683ed4818ebbeb5ff58195a4f9&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_fc1c755a&cb=1547242341551&jobListingId=3081245230"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	" Vizrt is a global company that has pioneered visual storytelling technology for over two decades. Chances are you saw our technology this morning on the news. Think of Vizrt as the anonymous engine behind all leading content producers. Vizrt is looking for an enthusiastic, results-driven Business Analyst to join our growing company. What youll doProvide intelligence to AMECS leadership team-optimizing the resultsPerform detailed analysis of KPI's, growth trends, pricing, cost development with suggested actions for improvementsDrive performance in Support and Services, through utilization, billable hours and other relevant KPI'sSecure data quality in CRM solutionsImprove and simplify reporting processesPrepare monthly reports for but not limited to board presentations, employee meetings, and forecast callsDrive improvement projectsOwn and drive budget and business plan processesinitiate and follow up with sales and marketing campaignsWhat you bring to the tableBachelors Degree in business or finance3-5 years of experience in a similar roleExperienced user of CRM solutions and Excel for creating reportsDriven, Independent and proactive way of workingAnalytical, structured and well organizedExcellent communication skills, both written and spokenEnjoy working in a fast a pace environmentProficient in Microsoft skillsAdvance Excel skills including pivot tables, functions & chartsAbility to take raw data, gather insights and present to our internal customersComfortable with changeWhat we offerWe offer an exciting opportunity in an expanding international company with potential for personal growthA caring environment with regular feedback and personal development together with a great employer paid medical, dental, vision & life insurance for you and your familyExcellent time off programsA friendly and welcoming work environment with highly skilled colleaguesWe utilize innovative software development technologies and methodologiesWe create software and services that push creative boundaries and develop new ways of telling storiesAbout VizrtVizrt was acquired by Private Equity Fund, Nordic Capital in 2015. The company employs more than 600 engaged and very competent employees in 40 offices in the Americas, APAC, and EMEA. Vizrt creates leading-edge content production tools for the digital media industry - from award-winning 3D graphics through integrated video workflow solutions. Our product line includes interactive and virtual solutions, studio automation, sports analysis, animations, maps, weather, video editing, and online publishing tools. Vizrt has customers in more than 100 countries worldwide including BBC, CNN, CBS, MSNBC, Fox, Sky, ITN, ZDF, Star TV, Network 18, TV Today, CCTV. Read more at www.vizrt.com  Click here to read about our online privacy and personal data policies."
"3082872671"	"Implementation Manager"	"Xtiva Financial Systems"	2019-01-10	74	122	95	4.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=129&ao=14295&s=58&guid=000001683ed487128c40392da8912395&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&aa=1&ea=1&cs=1_bf129274&cb=1547242342945&jobListingId=3082872671"	2019-01-11 16:33:02	" Are you a rockstar Implementation Manager? Do you thrive on helping enterprise customers achieve the fastest and most effective deployment of game changing SaaS based applications? Do you pride yourself on your ability to coordinate multiple parties and processes concurrently?  Our Implementation Managers lead the identification and documentation of customer business needs in order to deliver effective implementations of Xtiva Sales Performance Management software and improvements to customer business processes. Implementation Managers takes command of one or more implementations simultaneously, advancing a variety of projects in parallel. As a member of the Professional Services team, they also are expected to contribute ideas and input to product development and to synthesize process improvement recommendations.  If you have an obsession with ensuring quality and customer success, you should consider making your next career move to Xtiva. Requirements Musts: Experience. You have a background in technology consulting/analysis, or as a technical product owner, or as an implementation project leader in technology (preferably FinTech)Minimum 2 years experience working directly with technology teams at large institutions / enterprises.Love using data and even more, love finding new value in dataObsessive about data integrityEmpathy for customers and users with ability to scratch below the surface and to understand, evaluate and prioritize their needsExperience with project management and technology deployment processesStrong communication skills and an appreciation for the importance of documentationAbility to motivate action and lead in a cross functional environment Nice to Haves: Knowledge of sales force organizations and sales management practicesExperience with Incentive Compensation Management systems, Sales Performance Management systems or Business Intelligence systems - either vendor or customer sideKnowledge and experience working directly in financial services operations and technology environmentsBenefitsAn opportunity to join and shape a rapidly growing company that is re-engineering how financial service firms think about and manage their performance.Colleagues who will help make you better. We are known in the market for delivering smart, effective solutions. That takes know how. Now we are reimagining financial services sales forces and it takes great people to do that. If you like smart, committed and amusing (sometimes even fun) colleagues, join us.An opportunity to work from your home (or favourite coffee shop) or our collaborative downtown office location.Travel to the exotic locations where our customers maintain their principal offices. Dangerous places like New York, Great Falls, Toronto and Tampa.An employer-paid benefits plan covering a variety of medical, dental and extended health benefits.Flexible hours and liberal vacation. We prefer our staff to be fresh and inspired. Due to the sensitive nature of the work and data we are entrusted with, a satisfactory credit and criminal background check is a condition of employment. Individuals must be eligible for entry into the US and/or Canada for business purposes. The role can be remote, however there will be a preference exhibited for candidates located in New York (US) or Toronto (Canada)."
