"jobListingId"	"title"	"company"	"last_updated"	"salary_min_est"	"salary_max_est"	"salary_est"	"review"	"url"	"run_time"	"description"
"3030501758"	"Analyst"	"1stdibs.com"	2019-01-15	66	103	81	4.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=119&ao=8095&s=58&guid=00000168614ae978a9e957626c141f31&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_52ccd123&cb=1547820527157&jobListingId=3030501758"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	" Here at 1stdibs one of our core values is 'Say It With Data' and we are looking for an Analyst to join our Analytics team. In this role you will work cross-functionally and partner with key stakeholders to measure and quantify marketing/product initiatives here at 1stdibs.  Your goal is to lead and manage conversations that steer our audience acquisition/retention and user experience optimization strategy through the identification of significant trends and application of advanced insights. You will provide thought-leadership on how to effectively leverage data to inform decision-making across the organization.  In this role, you will have the opportunity to learn and develop expertise around how a luxury e-commerce marketplace leverages web analytics to drive decisions. You will be a self-starter who can jump in without being asked, see the big picture but pay close attention to detail, and demonstrate strong verbal and written communication skills. You will be diligent in your work and have a passion for process. You will be passionate about using data to drive business decisions and have experience working with various stakeholders and cross-functional teams. To be successful you will have a deep knowledge of SQL, a natural flair for interpreting data and an all around passion for numbers!  We have a startup culture that is constantly evolving so comfort with ambiguity is very important. In exchange, you'll be given the opportunity to work with and learn from some of the most passionate, driven and creative people assembled under one roof. What you'll doDefine, analyze and validate key metrics to inform decision-making and measure product and marketing success from a business and user perspectiveWork with business owners to leverage data to identify growth opportunities and user pain points, evaluate new features and recommend changesCommunicate and present data and insights clearly, distilling complexity down to its essenceDesign, monitor, analyze and create reporting for A/B experimentsPerform and regularly monitor cohort and conversion funnel analyses to identify key user behavior trendsGather requirements and build data visualizations and interactive dashboardsWhat you'll bringBachelor's in a quantitative field, data science or business analytics; Master's preferred2-4 years of experience in marketing|digital|business analyticsStrong SQL skillsFamiliarity with web analytics tools, such as Google AnalyticsFamiliarity with business intelligence solutions that translate insights into simple and concise visuals (e.g. Chartio, Looker, Tableau, etc.)Possess strong verbal, written and visual presentation skills, with an emphasis on storytellingAbility to think critically about problems through multiple perspectives and assert demonstrable hypothesesComfort working in a fast-paced, cross-functional environment, delivering flawless execution"
"3089407629"	"Sr. Data Analyst"	"adMarketplace"	2019-01-18	86	116	100	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=414473&s=149&guid=00000168614ae978889fd6e27481ac07&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_0d356c3f&cb=1547820527124&jobListingId=3089407629"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	" Data Analyst, Sr. – NYC - Fully handle PubSmart opns, incl. analyzing qualified traffic sources, automating manual processes & monitoring traffic perf. Dsgn & create analytic repts/dashboards for biz & tech users. Improve efficiency of dif jobs based on biz reqs. Perf data validation during ad engine releases. Rsrch on data sci. methods to improve or dsgn new algos. REQ: Master’s Bus. Analytics, Mktg or related + min 1 yr related exp. Resume: adMarketplace, 1385 Broadway, 19th Fl, New York, NY 10018"
"3064727332"	"Business Intelligence Engineer"	"Amazon"	2019-01-16	69	101	86	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=114&ao=133043&s=58&guid=00000168614af11c9451bc233c56001c&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_cc7c275c&cb=1547820528407&jobListingId=3064727332"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	" Do you enjoy working in an entrepreneurial environment delivering innovative solutions? Are you excited about bringing science to the art of new products?  Amazons video advertisement is looking for a passionate, insightful, results-oriented business intelligence engineer to help manage our ever-growing information needs and support analysis of increasingly complex business questions. Were a V1 startup that leverages interactive streaming video to create new shopping experiences for customers. Our team is launching a new program that enables brands to connect with customers in relevant and engaging ways in advertising their products.  As a Business Intelligence Engineer, you will focus on building a scalable BIE platform, the development of reporting, analytics and decision support that would help shape our business and product features. You should have excellent technical, business and communication skills to be able to work with business partners and development teams to define and prioritize key business questions, data sets and analysis that answer those questions. Responsibilities: · Interfacing with business groups to gather data and metrics requirements.  · Translate analytic insights into concrete, actionable recommendations for business or product improvement  · Identifying data needs and driving data quality improvement projects.  · Collaborating with engineers to implement the design of the data architecture.  · Supporting strategic data analysis requests. Basic Qualifications · Bachelor's degree or higher in an analytical area such as Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering or similar.  · 5+ years of experience as a BI Engineer, Business/Financial Analyst or Systems Analyst preferably in an internet-based company with large, complex data sources, or in an analysis or research role with progressively increasing responsibility.  · Proficient in using SQL, ETL, Data Warehouse solutions and databases in a business environment with large-scale, complex datasets.  · Proven analytical and quantitative skills and an ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions, develop business cases, and complete root cause analyses.  · Strong verbal/written communication and data presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams."
"3084832620"	"Senior Data Engineer"	"ASCAP"	2019-01-12	94	107	99	2.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=313164&s=58&guid=00000168614af11c9451bc233c56001c&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_db3dc0e0&cb=1547820528406&jobListingId=3084832620"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	" ASCAP is home to more than 670,000 music creator members across all genres - the greatest names in music, and thousands more in the early stages of their careers. We are the world leader in performance royalties, advocacy and service for music creators, and are the only PRO in the US run by its members including songwriters, composers and music publishers.  ASCAP technologists live our mission and we are passionate about what we do for our customers and we practice what we preach. Our technologists serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our business partners and members achieve their goals and realize their dreams. We have an infectious and lively culture and we recognize our successes monthly at our Thursday on-site social hour celebrations. We stand behind our mission and are committed to delivering the impossible.  Bottom line? We outthink ordinary. Discover what you can do with technology at ASCAP!  We're looking for a expert big data and cloud engineer to build data solutions for our music analytics team in NYC. Do you have experience transforming and moving data in both on-prem and cloud big data platforms? Are you experienced in relational and dimensional modeling? Do you want challenging work that gives you the opportunity to build solutions on a diverse technology stack and own what you build? If so, this might be the role for you.  The Senior Data Engineer is responsible for processing structured and unstructured data, validating data quality, and developing and supporting data products. We are looking for someone with strong hands on experience in all layers of the full stack involving data. We especially need your experience with Cloudera Hadoop, Data warehousing and AWS Cloud technologies. The Data Engineer plays a significant role in Agile planning, providing advice and guidance, and monitoring emerging technologies. This is not a junior programmer position and requires extensive hands on coding and design experience. Technology We UseCloudera Hadoop, Impala, Hive, Kudu, Yarn, Hue, SparkPython, Java, Scala, Unix shell scriptingAWS, EMR, SnowflakeJenkins, Terraform, and CloudFormationYour RoleDesign, code, test, correct and document programs and scripts using agreed standards and tools to achieve a well-engineered resultDerive an overall strategy of data management, within an established information architecture (including both structured and unstructured data), that supports the development and secure operation of existing and new information and digital servicesPlan effective data storage, security, sharing and publishing within the organizationGather and process raw, structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data using batch and real-time data processing frameworksEnsure data quality and implement tools and frameworks for automating the identification of data quality issuesCollaborate with internal and external data providers on data validation providing feedback and making customized changes to data feeds and data mappingsMentor and lead data engineers providing technical guidance and oversightProvides ongoing support, monitoring, and maintenance of deployed productsQualifications5 8 years of development experience at an Enterprise level with at least two of these languages: Python, Java, or ScalaExperience in a Dev Ops environment including: Jenkins, Terraform, and CloudFormation or similar technologiesExperience working with high volume heterogeneous data in Cloudera HadoopBusiness objects, Tableau and experience with batch and real-time data processing frameworksStrong background with data modelling, data access, and data storage techniquesStrong Experience with relational databases like Oracle, MS SQL server and DynamoDBWorking knowledge of Red Shift, Athena, Snowflake and MySQL especially desiredExperience in relational and dimensional modeling (star schema, snowflake schema, data marts)Extensive hands on experience writing complex SQL queries involving multi table joins.Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent combination of industry related professional experience and educationWhat We Look ForStrong hands on experience in all layers of the full stack involving data, front end experienceExpert level knowledge on Cloudera Hadoop and allied technologies.AWS Cloud Technologies, Unix, Master level SQL writing skillsCloud components including: EMR, Lambda, Glue, VPC Security groups, EC2, SNS, and S3Experience streaming datasets, Visualizations with Tableau, Sqoop, Data stageExcellent problem-solving skills, willingness to take ownership and risks, and enthusiasm in the face of technical challengesActive participation in the engineering community, up to date knowledge on new data technologies and best practicesWhat We Love About YouYou love our users. You deeply understand our users and put them at the center of everything you do. You aim to serve and delight them every day.You do the right thing. You are respectful and act with the highest integrity. If you see something that isn't right, you say something.You debate it. You ask questions to understand a perspective and are comfortable respectfully challenging assumptions. You are not turned off by constructive conflict to get to the right answer.You own your outcomes. You set clear ambitious goals. You anticipate obstacles, persevere, and are accountable for your commitments.You make fast decisions. You are an effective and timely communicator. You understand how to collaborate, compromise, and escalate when needed.You get better every day. You welcome the gift of feedback. You never settle in your quest to grow and develop. By being here, you make our company stronger. Besides providing a unique and dynamic work environment, there are a few other reasons you should consider ASCAP in your career planning. We also offer generous benefit options that are comprehensive and provide the flexibility that most employees want and need. These health care and financial plan options include the following: A choice of either HMO or Point-of-Service (POS) medical and dental plansImmediate eligibility for 401(k) participation with matchGenerous time-off policyHealth care and dependent care flexible spending accountsLong term disability insuranceBasic life insurance, supplemental and dependent life insurance optionsEmployer paid retirement savings program"
"3088017869"	"Data Analytics - Analyst"	"Barclays"	2019-01-16	85	134	108	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=352789&s=58&guid=00000168614ae978a9e957626c141f31&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_2991efb1&cb=1547820527156&jobListingId=3088017869"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	"Description JobTitle: Data Analytics Analyst - 90218326 AboutUs Barclaysis a transatlantic consumer, corporate and investment bank offering productsand services across personal, corporate and investment banking, credit cardsand wealth management, with a strong presence in our two home markets of the UKand the US. Our goal is to become the bank of choice by providing superiorservices to customers and clients and supporting our stakeholders via acommercially successful business that generates long-term sustainable returns.  About Barclays in the US  Barclays offers corporateand investment banking and credit card services in the US. Our 10,000 UScolleagues are located in offices across the country, with headquarters in NewYork City. In 2017, Barclays announced plans to create a world-class campus inWhippany, New Jersey, for our Technology, Operations and Functional teams inthe US. Other principal locations include Delaware, Nevada, Ohio and Maine.  About Barclays Internal Audit  Barclays Internal Audit(BIA) Vision: Leaders in Assurance  ·BeBrilliant: Leading edge assurance; Leading edge people; Leading edge thinking  ·BeImpactful: In the business; In the community and In the profession  ·BeAgile: Be independent, a respected voice, innovative and efficient.  BIAOverview:BIA aims to provideindependent, reliable, valued, insightful and timely assurance to the Board andexecutive management over the effectiveness of governance, risk management andcontrol over current and evolving risks, in the context of the current andexpected business environment and in accordance with the internationalstandards definition of internal auditing.  Overall Purpose of role  Work collaboratively with others acrossBIA, while developing strong client relationships which are independent and beseen as a respected voice.Developpractical and innovative ways of improving audit delivery through the use of dataanalytics.  YourRole ·Developsustainable and re-useable Data Analytics test to improve the efficiency of BIAand to improve audit coverage.  ·Supportaudit delivery teams to identify opportunities for Data Analytics.  ·Providetraining to audit staff on how to develop and execute basic analytics.  ·Maintaina library of re-usable data analytics.  ·Maintainappropriate documentation of code and create data dictionary includingdefinitions (where appropriate).  ·Buildself-service tools/dashboards/warehouse/data lakes. Maintain common data usedby audit delivery teams.  ·Assistwith data cleaning and preparation for audit delivery teams.  BasicQualifications/Skills ·2+years practical experience and expert level knowledge of data analysis withany RDBMS/SQL.  ·1+years Data Analysis/Mining/Scripting experience R/Python/SAS.  ·1+years Data Visualisation experience in PythonDjango/Tableau/Spotfire/Qlikview/d3.js.  PreferredQualifications/Skills ·Experiencewith advanced analytics/Machine learning (DecisionTrees/Clustering/HMM/Tensorflow).  ·Experiencein data warehouse design, Informatica, Unix.  ·Analyticsexperience within an internal/external audit or risk management function.  ·Degreein Computer Science / Statistics or related discipline.  ·Knowledgeabout new and emerging data analytics technologies.  ·Experiencewith Financial Services/Financial Products.  Risk andControl Objective All Barclayscolleagues have to ensure that all activities and duties are carried out infull compliance with regulatory requirements, Enterprise Wide Risk ManagementFramework and internal Barclays Policies and Policy Standards."
"3000586049"	"Data Analyst, Product"	"Betterment"	2019-01-15	81	112	96	4.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=4120&s=58&guid=00000168614ae978a9e957626c141f31&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_b3d86f07&cb=1547820527157&jobListingId=3000586049"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	" Betterment HQ - New York City Data Science & Analytics is one of the fastest growing teams at Betterment. We operate with a 360 degree view of the company, partnering closely with teams such as Finance, Marketing, Product, and Operations, and always with our users in mind. Our projects range from creating beautiful dashboards to developing models of user behavior. These projects deliver insights that inform product and business decisions across the company. We are looking for more thoughtful, driven, and curious people to push the business even further. About the right team member: At Betterment, there is nothing more important than building the best product we possibly can for our customers. Data plays a central role in how we decide what to build, how we design the customer experience, and how we monitor the performance and adoption of our products. We are looking for a talented product analyst to support these efforts. Betterment is in a growth stage and our product team’s analytics needs are fairly broad, so the work is bound to stay interesting. At any one time, projects may include working with product squads to interpret results of our A/B tests, study customer behavior, design OKRs to measure product performance, build interactive dashboards to track key metrics, and assist in fulfilling ad-hoc data requests from the product and design teams. At Betterment you will get to: Partner closely with cross functional teams of product managers, engineers and designers to refine the user experience and discover opportunities for product improvements.Create impactful quantitative reports, dashboards and insights to provide our product team with critical information to support our decision-making process.Understand how customers use our product, influence the product roadmap and help monitor feature performance.Support ad hoc analysis requests as needed, but over time translate them into tools and metrics.Assist with the design, set-up and analysis of A/B tests to drive iterative improvement through efficient experimentation.Contribute to Betterment’s data driven culture, and influence best practices.Be a member of the broader data science community in NYC, staying abreast of new ideas and trends, and contributing thought leadership. You will be effective if you have: 2+ years experience working in data analytics, finance or consulting.The ability to write SQL in your sleep.Experience with Python or R, along with a desire to become an expert.Comfort with working with large datasets.Passion about solving complex business problems with data and transforming analyses into concise insights and actionable recommendations.Self-starter mentality with a track record of completing projects with minimal guidance.A willingness to be flexible, prioritizing problems that are most pressing and using the most appropriate tools.An ability to build strong relationships with colleagues and stakeholders.An eye for beautiful and effective data visualizations, and experience creating them programmatically. Bonus points if you have: Experience in product analytics and tableau. About Betterment Betterment is the largest independent online financial advisor with more than $15 billion in assets under management. The service is designed to help increase customers’ long-term returns and lower taxes for retirement planning, building wealth, and other financial goals. Betterment takes advanced investment strategies and uses technology to deliver them to more than 380,000 customers across its three business lines: direct-to-consumer, Betterment for Advisors, and Betterment for Business. Learn more."
"3030464918"	"Data Insights Analyst"	"Bluecore"	2019-01-15	80	109	94	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=462861&s=149&guid=00000168614ae978889fd6e27481ac07&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_b8227bc8&cb=1547820527122&jobListingId=3030464918"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	"Bluecore is an Inc. 500 high-growth marketing technology company. Bluecore has been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work by Glassdoor and is ranked No. 241 on the Inc. 500 List, the most prestigious ranking of the nations fastest-growing private companies. Our Retail Performance Cloud, specializing in artificial intelligence - based workflows. Our unique ability to leverage machine learning to match customer data with real-time product and behavior enables brands to build intelligent, marketing communications and personalized campaigns in seconds vs. days. More than 400 retail brands, including Staples, Perry Ellis, Teleflora, Tommy Hilfiger, and Best Buy Canada, increase their performance with less effort leveraging our products.Bluecores Data Insights and Strategy team have two key focuses - First to deliver custom deep dive analysis to our largest enterprise clients, and second to productize and scale the most relevant insights so that they can be delivered to hundreds of clients. As an Insights Analyst on the team, your job would be to mine, explore, and analyze terabytes of behavioral data and digital marketing engagement data from across 300+ retail brands to discover and deliver insights and strategy for our clients. Were looking for a highly motivated data analyst with a strong technical background and a knack for interpreting and communicating the why behind data and its application to business. We are looking for candidates with fluency in SQL, Python, and Excel, who enjoys and appreciates creative thinking, relentlessly digging into data, and turning the results into clearly communicated and compelling strategies. Youll be working closely with the other analysts and strategists on the Insights team, as well as Bluecores customer success and sales teams to deliver insights to our clients. You will be responsible for discovering, solving, and communicating the business problems that our brands face and working with our engineering teams to create automated solutions. ResponsibilitiesBuild, maintain and improve custom models that help our clients solve specific retail marketing goals such as getting buyers to buy in a new category.Design and build KPI reports and visualizations in Excel, Jupyter Notebooks, and Looker to help make our teams and clients successful.Work with the analysts and strategists to help form strategies based on our insights to help our clients reach their business goals.Track and monitor the performance of our strategy recommendations. Provide recommendations for optimizations.Work with customers and internal customer success and sales teams to discover the challenges faced by our clients.Work with engineers to generalize and automate analysis developed on Jupyter Notebooks, Excel, and Looker using tools such as Pandas, Airflow, Google BigQuery, and CloudSQL.RequirementsPosition is located in our New York City office. Bachelors degree in analytical fields such as Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics preferred.2+ years experience in business analysis, consulting, data analysis or other similarly analytical roles, preferably related with large datasets.Retail e-commerce analytics experience is a plus.Ability to operate comfortably and effectively in a fast-paced, highly cross-functional, rapidly changing environment.Experience with R, Python or other languages for data analysis is a must.Fluency in SQL and Python a must.Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.Excellent communication skills for cross-team collaboration.Experience creating dashboards with Looker, Periscope, and other similar data visualization tools required.Knowledge of statistics a plus.BenefitsAmazing team environment recognized by Glassdoor and other culture assessment companies. Certified great places to work by the Great Place to Work InstituteCome work with passionate, energetic, curious people solving customer problemsCompetitive compensation package including salary and comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insuranceEquity in a rapidly growing, early-stage Inc. 500 marketing technology growth companyGenerous Parental Leave & flexible vacation policy401(k) planMonthly fitness stipend for a gym membership or fitness classesMonthly public transportation stipendAt Bluecore we believe in fostering an inclusive environment in which employees feel encouraged to share their unique perspectives, leverage their strengths, and act authentically. We know that diverse teams are strong teams, and welcome those from all backgrounds and varying experiences.Bluecore is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fair hiring practices and to creating a welcoming environment for all team members. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, familial status or veteran status."
"3030464918"	"Data Insights Analyst"	"Bluecore"	2019-01-15	80	109	94	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=462861&s=58&guid=00000168614af11c9451bc233c56001c&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_c39f5497&cb=1547820528406&jobListingId=3030464918"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	"Bluecore is an Inc. 500 high-growth marketing technology company. Bluecore has been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work by Glassdoor and is ranked No. 241 on the Inc. 500 List, the most prestigious ranking of the nations fastest-growing private companies. Our Retail Performance Cloud, specializing in artificial intelligence - based workflows. Our unique ability to leverage machine learning to match customer data with real-time product and behavior enables brands to build intelligent, marketing communications and personalized campaigns in seconds vs. days. More than 400 retail brands, including Staples, Perry Ellis, Teleflora, Tommy Hilfiger, and Best Buy Canada, increase their performance with less effort leveraging our products.Bluecores Data Insights and Strategy team have two key focuses - First to deliver custom deep dive analysis to our largest enterprise clients, and second to productize and scale the most relevant insights so that they can be delivered to hundreds of clients. As an Insights Analyst on the team, your job would be to mine, explore, and analyze terabytes of behavioral data and digital marketing engagement data from across 300+ retail brands to discover and deliver insights and strategy for our clients. Were looking for a highly motivated data analyst with a strong technical background and a knack for interpreting and communicating the why behind data and its application to business. We are looking for candidates with fluency in SQL, Python, and Excel, who enjoys and appreciates creative thinking, relentlessly digging into data, and turning the results into clearly communicated and compelling strategies. Youll be working closely with the other analysts and strategists on the Insights team, as well as Bluecores customer success and sales teams to deliver insights to our clients. You will be responsible for discovering, solving, and communicating the business problems that our brands face and working with our engineering teams to create automated solutions. ResponsibilitiesBuild, maintain and improve custom models that help our clients solve specific retail marketing goals such as getting buyers to buy in a new category.Design and build KPI reports and visualizations in Excel, Jupyter Notebooks, and Looker to help make our teams and clients successful.Work with the analysts and strategists to help form strategies based on our insights to help our clients reach their business goals.Track and monitor the performance of our strategy recommendations. Provide recommendations for optimizations.Work with customers and internal customer success and sales teams to discover the challenges faced by our clients.Work with engineers to generalize and automate analysis developed on Jupyter Notebooks, Excel, and Looker using tools such as Pandas, Airflow, Google BigQuery, and CloudSQL.RequirementsPosition is located in our New York City office. Bachelors degree in analytical fields such as Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics preferred.2+ years experience in business analysis, consulting, data analysis or other similarly analytical roles, preferably related with large datasets.Retail e-commerce analytics experience is a plus.Ability to operate comfortably and effectively in a fast-paced, highly cross-functional, rapidly changing environment.Experience with R, Python or other languages for data analysis is a must.Fluency in SQL and Python a must.Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.Excellent communication skills for cross-team collaboration.Experience creating dashboards with Looker, Periscope, and other similar data visualization tools required.Knowledge of statistics a plus.BenefitsAmazing team environment recognized by Glassdoor and other culture assessment companies. Certified great places to work by the Great Place to Work InstituteCome work with passionate, energetic, curious people solving customer problemsCompetitive compensation package including salary and comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insuranceEquity in a rapidly growing, early-stage Inc. 500 marketing technology growth companyGenerous Parental Leave & flexible vacation policy401(k) planMonthly fitness stipend for a gym membership or fitness classesMonthly public transportation stipendAt Bluecore we believe in fostering an inclusive environment in which employees feel encouraged to share their unique perspectives, leverage their strengths, and act authentically. We know that diverse teams are strong teams, and welcome those from all backgrounds and varying experiences.Bluecore is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fair hiring practices and to creating a welcoming environment for all team members. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, familial status or veteran status."
"3030464918"	"Data Insights Analyst"	"Bluecore"	2019-01-15	80	109	94	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=101&ao=462861&s=149&guid=00000168614ae978889fd6e27481ac07&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SRFJ&extid=4&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_b8227bc8&cb=1547820527122&jobListingId=3030464918"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	"Bluecore is an Inc. 500 high-growth marketing technology company. Bluecore has been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work by Glassdoor and is ranked No. 241 on the Inc. 500 List, the most prestigious ranking of the nations fastest-growing private companies. Our Retail Performance Cloud, specializing in artificial intelligence - based workflows. Our unique ability to leverage machine learning to match customer data with real-time product and behavior enables brands to build intelligent, marketing communications and personalized campaigns in seconds vs. days. More than 400 retail brands, including Staples, Perry Ellis, Teleflora, Tommy Hilfiger, and Best Buy Canada, increase their performance with less effort leveraging our products.Bluecores Data Insights and Strategy team have two key focuses - First to deliver custom deep dive analysis to our largest enterprise clients, and second to productize and scale the most relevant insights so that they can be delivered to hundreds of clients. As an Insights Analyst on the team, your job would be to mine, explore, and analyze terabytes of behavioral data and digital marketing engagement data from across 300+ retail brands to discover and deliver insights and strategy for our clients. Were looking for a highly motivated data analyst with a strong technical background and a knack for interpreting and communicating the why behind data and its application to business. We are looking for candidates with fluency in SQL, Python, and Excel, who enjoys and appreciates creative thinking, relentlessly digging into data, and turning the results into clearly communicated and compelling strategies. Youll be working closely with the other analysts and strategists on the Insights team, as well as Bluecores customer success and sales teams to deliver insights to our clients. You will be responsible for discovering, solving, and communicating the business problems that our brands face and working with our engineering teams to create automated solutions. ResponsibilitiesBuild, maintain and improve custom models that help our clients solve specific retail marketing goals such as getting buyers to buy in a new category.Design and build KPI reports and visualizations in Excel, Jupyter Notebooks, and Looker to help make our teams and clients successful.Work with the analysts and strategists to help form strategies based on our insights to help our clients reach their business goals.Track and monitor the performance of our strategy recommendations. Provide recommendations for optimizations.Work with customers and internal customer success and sales teams to discover the challenges faced by our clients.Work with engineers to generalize and automate analysis developed on Jupyter Notebooks, Excel, and Looker using tools such as Pandas, Airflow, Google BigQuery, and CloudSQL.RequirementsPosition is located in our New York City office. Bachelors degree in analytical fields such as Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics preferred.2+ years experience in business analysis, consulting, data analysis or other similarly analytical roles, preferably related with large datasets.Retail e-commerce analytics experience is a plus.Ability to operate comfortably and effectively in a fast-paced, highly cross-functional, rapidly changing environment.Experience with R, Python or other languages for data analysis is a must.Fluency in SQL and Python a must.Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.Excellent communication skills for cross-team collaboration.Experience creating dashboards with Looker, Periscope, and other similar data visualization tools required.Knowledge of statistics a plus.BenefitsAmazing team environment recognized by Glassdoor and other culture assessment companies. Certified great places to work by the Great Place to Work InstituteCome work with passionate, energetic, curious people solving customer problemsCompetitive compensation package including salary and comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insuranceEquity in a rapidly growing, early-stage Inc. 500 marketing technology growth companyGenerous Parental Leave & flexible vacation policy401(k) planMonthly fitness stipend for a gym membership or fitness classesMonthly public transportation stipendAt Bluecore we believe in fostering an inclusive environment in which employees feel encouraged to share their unique perspectives, leverage their strengths, and act authentically. We know that diverse teams are strong teams, and welcome those from all backgrounds and varying experiences.Bluecore is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fair hiring practices and to creating a welcoming environment for all team members. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, familial status or veteran status."
"3030464918"	"Data Insights Analyst"	"Bluecore"	2019-01-15	80	109	94	4.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=462861&s=58&guid=00000168614af11c9451bc233c56001c&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_c39f5497&cb=1547820528406&jobListingId=3030464918"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	"Bluecore is an Inc. 500 high-growth marketing technology company. Bluecore has been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work by Glassdoor and is ranked No. 241 on the Inc. 500 List, the most prestigious ranking of the nations fastest-growing private companies. Our Retail Performance Cloud, specializing in artificial intelligence - based workflows. Our unique ability to leverage machine learning to match customer data with real-time product and behavior enables brands to build intelligent, marketing communications and personalized campaigns in seconds vs. days. More than 400 retail brands, including Staples, Perry Ellis, Teleflora, Tommy Hilfiger, and Best Buy Canada, increase their performance with less effort leveraging our products.Bluecores Data Insights and Strategy team have two key focuses - First to deliver custom deep dive analysis to our largest enterprise clients, and second to productize and scale the most relevant insights so that they can be delivered to hundreds of clients. As an Insights Analyst on the team, your job would be to mine, explore, and analyze terabytes of behavioral data and digital marketing engagement data from across 300+ retail brands to discover and deliver insights and strategy for our clients. Were looking for a highly motivated data analyst with a strong technical background and a knack for interpreting and communicating the why behind data and its application to business. We are looking for candidates with fluency in SQL, Python, and Excel, who enjoys and appreciates creative thinking, relentlessly digging into data, and turning the results into clearly communicated and compelling strategies. Youll be working closely with the other analysts and strategists on the Insights team, as well as Bluecores customer success and sales teams to deliver insights to our clients. You will be responsible for discovering, solving, and communicating the business problems that our brands face and working with our engineering teams to create automated solutions. ResponsibilitiesBuild, maintain and improve custom models that help our clients solve specific retail marketing goals such as getting buyers to buy in a new category.Design and build KPI reports and visualizations in Excel, Jupyter Notebooks, and Looker to help make our teams and clients successful.Work with the analysts and strategists to help form strategies based on our insights to help our clients reach their business goals.Track and monitor the performance of our strategy recommendations. Provide recommendations for optimizations.Work with customers and internal customer success and sales teams to discover the challenges faced by our clients.Work with engineers to generalize and automate analysis developed on Jupyter Notebooks, Excel, and Looker using tools such as Pandas, Airflow, Google BigQuery, and CloudSQL.RequirementsPosition is located in our New York City office. Bachelors degree in analytical fields such as Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics preferred.2+ years experience in business analysis, consulting, data analysis or other similarly analytical roles, preferably related with large datasets.Retail e-commerce analytics experience is a plus.Ability to operate comfortably and effectively in a fast-paced, highly cross-functional, rapidly changing environment.Experience with R, Python or other languages for data analysis is a must.Fluency in SQL and Python a must.Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.Excellent communication skills for cross-team collaboration.Experience creating dashboards with Looker, Periscope, and other similar data visualization tools required.Knowledge of statistics a plus.BenefitsAmazing team environment recognized by Glassdoor and other culture assessment companies. Certified great places to work by the Great Place to Work InstituteCome work with passionate, energetic, curious people solving customer problemsCompetitive compensation package including salary and comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insuranceEquity in a rapidly growing, early-stage Inc. 500 marketing technology growth companyGenerous Parental Leave & flexible vacation policy401(k) planMonthly fitness stipend for a gym membership or fitness classesMonthly public transportation stipendAt Bluecore we believe in fostering an inclusive environment in which employees feel encouraged to share their unique perspectives, leverage their strengths, and act authentically. We know that diverse teams are strong teams, and welcome those from all backgrounds and varying experiences.Bluecore is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fair hiring practices and to creating a welcoming environment for all team members. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, familial status or veteran status."
"3065122189"	"Business Analyst"	"Colgate-Palmolive"	2019-01-17	62	100	80	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=101275&s=58&guid=00000168614ae978a9e957626c141f31&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_374332de&cb=1547820527156&jobListingId=3065122189"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	" Colgate-Palmolive is a leading global consumer products company, tightly focused on Oral Care, Personal Care, Home Care and Pet Nutrition. Colgate sells its products in over 200 countries and territories around the world under such internationally recognized brand names as Colgate, Palmolive, Speed Stick, Lady Speed Stick, Softsoap, Irish Spring, Protex, Sorriso, Kolynos, elmex, Tom’s of Maine, Sanex, Ajax, Axion, Fabuloso, Soupline and Suavitel, as well as Hill’s Science Diet, Hill’s Prescription Diet and Hill’s Ideal Balance.  For more information about Colgate’s global business, visit the Company’s web site at http://www.colgatepalmolive.com. To learn more about Colgate Bright Smiles, Bright Futures® oral health education program, please visit http://www.colgatebsbf.com. To learn more about Hill's and the Hill’s Food, Shelter & Love program please visit hillspet.com. To learn more about Tom’s of Maine please visit http://www.tomsofmaine.com.  Location: New York, New York, United States  No Relocation Assistance Offered  # 71507 Job Summary As a Business Analyst, you'll play a key part of the Colgate Oral Pharmaceuticals Analytics Team providing support in North America Professional business analysis, sales reporting, and field business support. You'll be responsible for providing reporting and analysis of sales data for the North America Professional Business, providing key insights to the COP Commercial Team. Some key responsibilities of this position include SAP system support and pricing management, Bex reporting, E-commerce support, territory alignments, ad-hoc analytics, and numerous other projects.  This role will interface with Senior Sales Management on a consistent basis in order to enhance and drive overall top-line sales and strategies. Roles & Responsibilities The incumbent will work within SAP to manage the categories and respective pricing. Deal directly with the North America Professional team to develop and analyze various reports and projects to aid in the organizations understanding of sales activity and trending. This would include scheduling and running of SAP- Business Warehouse (BW) reports, review and report against organizational key performance indicators (KPI’s), as well as, other various project-specific demands. In addition to these responsibilities, the incumbent will support and manage the following key business operations, but not limited to: SAP support & maintenance (40%)SAP Territory & Segmentation maintenanceSAP Product & Pricing structuresProgram High Volume account specific pricingSAP Report creationSAP developer guidanceSAP CRM supportSAP troubleshooting & coordination with technical teamsBusiness Analysis (40%)Recurring trend reportingAd-Hoc analyticsTargetingTB Plan/ Free Goods OptimizationOther Support (20%)Issue the critical field communicationsField troubleshooting coordinatorE-commerce support & technical coordinationProcess documentation & validationRequired:Bachelor’s degreeProven SAP skills (proficiency in SAP-R3/BI preferred)Strong Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint skillsExpected areas of Skill, Knowledge, and AbilityData research and analysisStrong analyticsProject managementWritten & verbal communication skills This posittion is based in NY Park Avenue Offices  Are you interested in working for Colgate-Palmolive? You can apply to work with us using this online application. Attach all relevant documents such as a cover letter and resume or CV. Applications received by e-mail are not considered in the selection process.  Become part of our team. We look forward to your application.  Equal Opportunity Employer  Colgate is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law."
"3064645222"	"Business Intelligence Reporting Analyst"	"Columbia University"	2019-01-16	72	106	86	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=124&ao=4120&s=58&guid=00000168614af11c9451bc233c56001c&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_8dcad681&cb=1547820528407&jobListingId=3064645222"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	" The College of Dental Medicine's (CDM) three-fold mission is to educate dental students, provide comprehensive outpatient dental care, and conduct research. There are approximately 430 faculty, 410 students/residents, and nearly 200 staff.  The Business intelligence Reporting Analyst will work in a small application development team and will initially be responsible for developing complex dashboard and reporting solutions that will sometimes require the build out of new data structures and models to achieve performance characteristics. The incumbent will work directly with end users to understand their requirements which will require strong interpersonal and analytical skills and a desire to solve users' problems. Reporting solutions may be built to meet administrative, financial, educational or management goals with a primary focus on the patient care clinic. Over time it is expected that the reporting analyst will next develop database administration (DBA) skills expanding responsibilities to perform such tasks. The opportunity also exists for the right candidate to expand responsibilities to become a full stack software engineer."
"2961406102"	"Manager Business Intelligence"	"Diverse Lynx"	2019-01-16	103	142	122	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=125&ao=4120&s=58&guid=00000168614af11c9451bc233c56001c&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_20c852b2&cb=1547820528407&jobListingId=2961406102"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	" You will perform comprehensive analysis to develop an in-depth understanding of business opportunities  You will work closely with our business stakeholders to inform their decision making with insights, identifying growth and engagement drivers and areas of opportunity  You will interpret results, conclude actionable recommendations and communicate them effectively to your business stakeholders  You will put yourself into the customer shoes, seeking to understand customer profiles and their needs in order to inform business initiatives Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Business, Economics or a related field  5+ years of relevant professional experience in an ecommerce, business intelligence or consulting environment  You are a highly analytical mind with a strong business understanding  You possess excellent communication skills (verbal and written), including the ability to effectively communicate with both technical and non-technical teams  You are a self-starter capable to taking initiative and working with minimal direction, and you enjoy working in a team of highly engaged individuals Preferred Qualifications: MBA preferred  Working understanding of SQL, BI software (Microstrategy, Tableau) as well as statistical packages (R, SAS, Python)  Experience in the field of digital analytics  Familiarity with data infrastructure and instrumentation Diverse Lynx LLC is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive due consideration for employment without any discrimination. All applicants will be evaluated solely on the basis of their ability, competence and their proven capability to perform the functions outlined in the corresponding role. We promote and support a diverse workforce across all levels in the company."
"3088301974"	"Research Analyst, Public Finance"	"Fitch Ratings"	2019-01-16	58	101	75	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=125&ao=251447&s=58&guid=00000168614ae978a9e957626c141f31&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_c5b93557&cb=1547820527157&jobListingId=3088301974"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	" Dual-headquartered in New York and London, Fitch Ratings is a leading provider of credit ratings, commentary and research. Dedicated to providing value beyond the rating through independent and prospective credit opinions, Fitch Ratings offers global perspectives shaped by strong local market experience and credit market expertise. The additional context, perspective and insights we provide help investors to make important credit judgments with confidence.  Fitch Solutions delivers credit market data, analytical tools and risk services to the global financial community. In addition to offering proprietary market-based content, Fitch Solutions distributes the ratings, research and financial data of Fitch Ratings through a variety of flexible platforms. With innovation and experience behind every solution, Fitch Solutions helps financial professionals meet the diverse and evolving needs of today’s global markets.  Fitch Ratings and Fitch Solutions, along with Fitch Learning, are part of the Fitch Group, a global leader in financial information services with operations in more than 30 countries. Fitch Group is wholly-owned by Hearst.  Fitch Ratings and Fitch Solutions are an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer, complying with all laws governing employment in each jurisdiction in which operating, and provide equal opportunity to all applicants and employees. All qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity and other status protected by applicable laws.  Fitch Ratings is seeking a self-motivated, inquisitive professional with strong analytical skills to join the Innovation & Research team in Public Finance. Members of this versatile and influential group support various central functions across Public Finance including rating criteria research and implementation, model development, and rating systems innovations. Job Description:Assist in the development of rating criteria, including researching metrics, preparing and cleaning data, back testing, and coordinating documentation for the internal approval processCollaborate with the Model Manager and Model Development Team to create and maintain financial modelsPrototype and manage the implementation of new analytical tools to support the ratings processSupport senior analysts on research pieces across a range of industry-relevant topicsPosition Requirements:Bachelors or graduate degree in economics, finance, public policy, or related fieldsA strong ability to collect, clean, and prepare data; find the story in the data; and defend a viewpoint based on findingsExcellent written and verbal communication skills; strong critical thinking and quantitative skillsIntermediate to advanced proficiency with ExcelFamiliarity with SQL, VBA, R, and Python are all strong pluses Fitch is committed to providing global securities markets with objective, timely, independent and forward-looking credit opinions. To protect Fitch’s credibility and reputation, our employees must take every precaution to avoid conflicts of interests or any appearance of a conflict of interest. Should you be successful in the recruitment process at Fitch Ratings you will asked to declare any securities holdings and other potential conflicts for you and your Family Members prior to commencing employment. If you, or your Family Members, have any holdings that may conflict with your work responsibilities, they must be sold before beginning work. In certain roles, employees and their Family Members may be limited to investments in diversified mutual funds only.  For more information about this policy, please visit the code of ethics and conduct page - http://www.fitchratings.com/web/en/dynamic/about-us/code-of-ethics-and-conduct.jsp"
"2731478861"	"Associate Analyst"	"Fred Alger"	2019-01-18	91	139	113	3.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=103&ao=399081&s=58&guid=00000168614ae978a9e957626c141f31&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_e1f2301f&cb=1547820527156&jobListingId=2731478861"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	"ADP strongly recommends using, Microsoft Internet Explorer 11, Microsoft Edge, Firefox 45 and higher. Chrome 50.0 and higher. Safari 8.x, or Safari 9.0.Before attempting the application again, clear your browser’s cache and cookies.Do not input “N/A” into any of the fields. The “/” seems to cause ADP some issues. Use “NA” instead.Do not use parentheses. This often causes ADP to not register an answer.If you took part in an unpaid internship, do not put $0.00 as your salary as it causes an error. Put $1 instead.Job Title: Associate AnalystLocation:Headquartered in New  York City in a modern office space near Madison Square Park, Alger offers great  benefits and encourages employees to become involved in their community. In particular, we encourage our employees to  participate, to give their time and talents, not just money, to charitable  events and organizations the Firm supports through our employee run charitable  committee, the Alger Candlelight Giving Program. Pensions & Investments has noted, “Fred  Alger Management Inc. [is] one of the most charity-oriented workforces in the  investment industry.” (Sept. 5, 2011).  We are as proud of that recognition as we are of our investment success.Job  Description:Alger is seeking bright and enthusiastic  Associate Analysts (AAs) to join our investment team. We favor candidates who are passionate about  investing, embrace challenges, welcome increasing responsibilities, and thrive  in a dynamic environment.Alger’s Investment Team is the engine that  drives the Firm’s strong long-term investment returns of our portfolio  strategies and success for our clients.  Our investment strategies range from U.S. small cap to large cap stocks  and International and Emerging Markets growth stocks, in both traditional  long-only and long/short hedged equity portfolios. We have over 40 experienced professionals,  led by our portfolio managers and senior sector analysts, who work together to  identify and research domestic and global growth trends across all economic  sectors to uncover compelling investment opportunities. We target “outside the box” ideas and our  firm’s philosophy encourages creative and independent thinking. Each investment idea goes through a rigorous  series of analyses by sector specialists rather than generalists. Many of our analysts have direct experience  in the industries they invest in and/or advanced degrees in their fields. Compared to other buy-side firms, our teams  are small – and this “boutique” culture allows analysts of all levels to contribute. Working in smaller groups, analysts have more  responsibilities, rather than being just a “number-cruncher” at a larger  firm. With that in mind, we focus on  investing in developing talent. Many of  our senior analysts have started their careers at Alger at the AA level.AAs, along with their  team, work with portfolio managers and the Chief Investment Officer on  generating insightful investment ideas. This direct exposure to top level  management is rare in the investment community and current AAs thrive on the  ability to work with highly experienced investors. Upon hire, AAs will be  assigned to permanent sectors with an opportunity to rise among the ranks of  the investment team.Duties &  Responsibilities: Work closely with  senior analysts to coordinate evaluation of companiesInteract with sell-side  analysts, industry contacts, investor relations personnel and senior management  of companies to develop an investment thesis on a stock or macroeconomic themeCreate and update  financial models and maintaining databases tracking industry research and  statistics. Develop and maintain proprietary data tracking and industry  research filesWrite research reports  on companies under coverage and reports on business newsManage and analyze  companies’ earnings reports, including previews and reviewsCollaborate with the  investment team on original research projects and ideasPerfect the art of a  stock pitch with the goal of being able to generate ideas and profit for the  firmQualifications: Minimum 2-4 years Investment Research, Private  Equity, Investment Banking or Equivalent Industry experiencePassion for the financial markets and  investments along with an extraordinary curiosity about business and industryProven quantitative and qualitative analytical  capabilities including financial modeling, industry and product analysis and report writingUndergraduate Degree with a cumulative Grade  Point Average (GPA) of 3.0 or above in 4.0 scaleExcellent communication skills, both written  and oralHigh level of self-motivation and work ethic  along with the ability to complete assignments quickly and accuratelyStrong competitive spirit and desire to succeedAbility to work in a team-oriented fast-pace  environment both while being able to prioritize projectsPositive attitude with a willingness to attack  challenging intellectual problemsProficiency  in Microsoft Office productsAlger Inspired by Change, Driven by Growth.  Founded in 1964, Alger is widely recognized as a pioneer of growth-style investment management. Headquartered in New York City with affiliate offices in Boston and London, Alger provides U.S. and non-U.S. institutional investors and financial advisors access to a suite of growth equity separate accounts, mutual funds, and privately offered investment vehicles. The firm’s investment philosophy, discovering companies undergoing Positive Dynamic Change, has been in place for over 50 years. In March 2017, Weatherbie Capital, LLC, a Boston-based investment adviser specializing in small and mid-cap growth equity investing, became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alger.  We have been helping clients achieve their growth equity investment objectives for over 50 years. Experience and IndependenceGrowth equity pioneerPrivate ownership with employee participationPhilosophyTime-tested fundamental research driven processCulture of independent thinking and passion for investingGrowth SpecialistsSingular focus on growth equity investingDedicated to generating superior investment returns for our clients through active managementConsent/Waiver If Alger Associates, Inc. & Subsidiaries (“Alger”) extends an offer of employment, the terms of the offer will be in writing, on Alger letterhead. Any such offer will be contingent upon satisfactory references and background investigation. By submitting this application, I consent to Alger checking references and investigating my background and I release from liability all persons, firms, schools, organization, and/or business entities who furnish references or other information concerning me. I also release Alger and its agents and representatives from any liability, which might result from requesting or obtaining such information.  I understand that as part of the pre-hire process, I will be required to authorize Alger to request from a consumer reporting agency an investigative consumer report which might include criminal, credit and employment history, educational records and information relative to my character, general reputation, personal characteristics and mode of living, to the extent permitted by law. If hired, I will be required to provide documentation of both my identity and employment eligibility in the United Sates in accordance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986.  I certify that the information I provided on this application is true and complete and understand that Alger or its representatives may investigate and verify the information. I further understand that any false, misleading or inaccurate information or misrepresentation, or omission of information requested, as stated or implied, in this application or provided in an interview or other employment form may be sufficient reason not to hire me, to withdraw any offer extended or to terminate my employment, regardless of when discovered.  I understand that nothing in this application, or in any prior or subsequent oral or written statement, is intended to create any contract of employment either express or implied. This application does not bind either party for a specific period of time with respect to employment. I understand that no representative of Alger other than its Chief Executive Officer (CEO) or the CEO’s designee is authorized to enter into any agreement to the contrary and any such agreement must be in writing and signed by the CEO or the CEO’s designee.  Alger is proud to be an E-Verify & Equal Opportunity Employer.  It is Alger’s policy to provide equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants for employment. No qualified applicant or employee of Alger shall be discriminated against in employment on the basis of race, national origin, ancestry, religion, gender (including gender identity and gender expression), mental or physical disability, age, sex, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other status protected by law (“Protected Characteristic”). This Policy applies to all terms, conditions, and privileges of employment, including but not limited to, hiring, compensation, benefits, promotion, and termination.  E-Verify® is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security."
"3087277123"	"Cyber Risk Technology Senior Associate (GRC)"	"Grant Thornton"	2019-01-16	68	101	78	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=112&ao=342653&s=58&guid=00000168614af11c9451bc233c56001c&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_5182cc81&cb=1547820528407&jobListingId=3087277123"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	" Grant Thornton is collaborative,  entrepreneurial and on the move. As part of a dynamic global organization of 47,000  people serving clients in more than 140 countries, we have the agility and  focus it takes to be a leader.  Grant Thornton’s Advisory  professionals are progressive thinkers who create, protect, and transform value  today, so our clients have the opportunity to thrive and grow. Our advisory practice creates holistic  solutions delivered by innovative, curious professionals who bring technical depth  and industry insight to our clients. The  Business Risk Services (BRS) practice protects value. The BRS Practice includes Risk Advisory  Services, Forensic Advisory Services and Data Analytics.  Cyber Risk Technology Senior Associate  POSITION SUMMARY  As  part of the Risk Advisory Practice, the Risk Technology services team supports  all of the advisory functions that enable risk management solutions. Risk Technology solutions support Enterprise,  Operational and Cyber risk solution capabilities with the development of technology  frameworks, methodologies, intellectual property and technology platform  implementation capabilities that drive efficiency and effectiveness resulting  in better visibility into risks.  Grant Thornton’s Cyber Risk Technology  capabilities include assisting clients with the evaluation, planning,  designing, building, operation, integration and maintenance of various  technology platforms. Capabilities will  also include developing integrated solutions to drive better analytics,  reporting and monitoring of risks. The Risk  Technology Solutions Senior Associate will be an important thought leader and  integral member of the advisory management team. The qualified applicant will be able to  effectively apply risk enablement approaches and configure automated tools for  clients across multiple industries and maturity levels.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities Participating  in the solution development process and ensuring that customer requests and  needs are represented within the productDesigning  and deployment of enterprise software solutions, including on-site  implementations and cloud based capabilitiesAssisting  with performing technical and competitive analysis of ServiceNow GRC, SecOps,  Third Party and IT Asset Management solutions, including performance, debugging  and other operational metrics.Familiarity  with risk standards and models is preferred.Familiarity  with Governance, Risk and Compliance platforms is preferred, especially  ServiceNowFamiliarity  with ServiceNow Performance Analytics is a plusFamiliarity  with IT Asset Management solutions is a plusFamiliarity  with risk reporting and dashboard solutions, including Business Intelligence  platforms, is a plusAbility  to communicate difficult subject matter in a clear and concise fashion is  important.Ability  to work with different delivery teams to support technology capabilities as  part of larger projects is required.Ability  to consider non-traditional approaches to solve traditional security challenges  is important.Experience  in offshore team- and capability-development is preferred.Communicate  (verbally and in writing) externally with clients and internally with all  levels of the organization to successfully accomplish objectives portraying  knowledge and confidence.Motivate  others to perform at maximum efficiency without sacrificing quality of the  services delivered.Maintain  a good working relationship with clients and work effectively with client  management and staff at all levels to gather information and perform services.Work  closely with Grant Thornton managers and partners to promptly identify and  resolve client problems or issues.Other duties as assignedBachelor's  degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field preferred;  Equivalent combination of education and demonstrated experience will be  considered.1  years of related work experience in a similar  consulting practice or function, servicing cross-industry clients at a national  level.Must  have minimally 1 years of related work experience with GRC platforms Must  have, or be willing and able to obtain, one or more of the following  certifications: CISSPDemonstrated  working knowledge of various standards and guidelines that are applicable to  security practices such as ISO, NIST, COBIT and others.Expert-level  proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, specifically Microsoft Word and Microsoft  Power Point.Must  have excellent oral and written communication skillsAbility  to think strategicallyAbility  to understand regulatory impacts to client strategiesAbility  to travel on short notice and work additional hours as necessary. Benefits  Grant Thornton LLP promotes a nationally recognized culture  of health and offers an extensive array of benefits to meet individual  lifestyles. For a complete list of  benefits, please visit www.gt.com.  Founded in Chicago in 1924, Grant Thornton LLP  (Grant Thornton) is the U.S. member firm of Grant Thornton International Ltd.,  one of the world’s leading organizations of independent audit, tax and advisory  firms. Grant Thornton has revenues in excess of $1.7 billion and operates 59  offices across the U.S., with more than 590 partners and 8,500 employees in  the United States and at our Shared Services Center in Bangalore, India.  Grant Thornton works with a broad range of  publicly- and privately-held companies, government agencies, financial  institutions, and civic and religious organizations. Core industries served  include consumer and industrial products, financial services, not-for-profit,  private equity, and technology. Grant Thornton focuses on serving dynamic  organizations that pursue growth holistically — whether through revenue  improvement, leadership, mission fulfillment or innovation.  It is Grant Thornton’s policy to promote equal  employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited  to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and  termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national  origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity,  citizenship status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic  protected by applicable federal, state or local law."
"3089572771"	"ETL Developer- Business Intelligence"	"Guardian Life"	2019-01-18	76	110	88	3.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=128&ao=339835&s=58&guid=00000168614af11c9451bc233c56001c&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_6609921c&cb=1547820528407&jobListingId=3089572771"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	"ABOUT GUARDIAN Every day, Guardian gives 26 million Americans the security they deserve through our insurance and wealth management products and services. Since our founding in 1860, our long-term view has helped our customers prepare for whatever life brings whether starting a family, planning for the future or taking care of employees. Today, were a Fortune 250 mutual company and a leading provider of life, disability and other benefits for individuals, at the workplace and through government sponsored programs. The Guardian community of ~9000 employees and our network of over 2750 financial representatives is committed to serving with expertise when, where and how our clients need us. Our commitments rest on a strong financial foundation, which at year-end 2017 included $8.0 billion in capital and $1.6 billion in operating income. For more information, please visit guardianlife.com or follow us on Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and YouTube.  Guardian is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, creed, religion, sex, affectional or sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, marital status, disability, military or veteran status, or any other classification protected by applicable law.  Guardian® is a registered trademark of the Guardian Life Insurance Company of AmericaPOSITION RESPONSIBILITIES Data Analytics/Reporting Conduct data analysis in support of a variety of analytic solutions.Create and produce forecasts, reports, ad hoc requests, dashboards, etc.Prepare monthly dashboard reports, identifying trends and presenting thoughtful, actionable solutions.Document and train end users on reports and dashboards.ETL/Data BlendingTransform and utilize data in the data warehouse by creating, automating and documenting new tables in a post-load process. These new tables will transform the data from a transactional view to a more user-friendly business view. These tables can be used for direct usage for descriptive and predictive analyticsApply the business rules on raw data in the data warehouse, data cleansing, data blending to bring data into the shape for profiling, dashboards, insights via project basis.Applying masking routine on the personally identifiable/sensitive data when necessaryContinuously apply Data Governance processes including monitoring of the data quality with appropriate business areasProvide data modeling, mining, pattern analysis, anomaly detection and data visualization to address customer needs with front-end toolsDocumenting the data blending process along with the specifications and workflow/data lineage for future automation usageMaintaining/adding to already made data dictionary for predictive analytics data profiling/modeling and/or any downstream usagePartners with IT, Database Administrators and business owners to ensure optimized data transformation and efficiencies.Develop relationships with business team members by being proactive, displaying an increasing understanding of the business processes and by recommending innovative solutions"
"2961324129"	"Data Analyst"	"HotelTonight"	2019-01-16	80	109	94	4.2	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=115&ao=85944&s=58&guid=00000168614ae978a9e957626c141f31&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_925da713&cb=1547820527157&jobListingId=2961324129"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	"HotelTonight makes it remarkably easy to book great hotels at amazing last-minute rates on your mobile device, for tonight, tomorrow and beyond. Our goal is to be the premier and most loved way to book a place to stay and we’re looking for a Data Analyst to help do just that.As a Data Analyst on the Data & Strategy team, you’ll be part of a team that is focused on just that - using data to drive strategy. You’ll work closely with functions across the company (Marketing, Customer Experience, Finance, Supply and Product), and own and lead projects from end-to-end. You’ll dive into complex datasets to analyze trends, identify opportunities and quantify the potential value of new initiatives.Check out this post to learn more about how the D&S team empowers the company to make smarter decisions based on data.WITHIN 1 MONTH, YOU WILLExecute basic analysis and take responsibility for a portion of the analytics roadmapFamiliarize yourself with HotelTonight data structure and tablesWrite SQL queries to extract data from the data warehouseBuild strong relationships with teams across the company to understand business objectives and opportunitiesWITHIN 3 MONTHS, YOU WILLEstablish a solid cadence for priorities and communicationQuickly deliver actionable insights and recommendations around key business questions to stakeholders and senior leadershipConceptualize and build tools and dashboards, enabling teams to access data and draw insights in a self-serve mannerWITHIN 12 MONTHS, YOU WILLProvide strategic, proactive recommendations and become a thought leader for your projectsOwn and lead projects across different functional areas and become familiar with how one function will impact othersWHAT YOU'LL NEED TO BE SUCCESSFUL IN THIS ROLE2+ years experience in applied analytics - you love data, gleaning insights from data, and making decisions based on dataAbility to extract, manipulate, and analyze data sets in SQL and understand basic statisticsExcellent communication and presentation skills - effectively presenting insights is as important as the insights themselvesAnalyze data to uncover new business and product opportunitiesExperience with advanced visualization tools like Tableau and prior Marketing/Finance analytics experience a plusWHAT YOU'LL GET FROM USAn official Best Place to Work as listed in the SF Business Times (2 years running!)The opportunity to define mobile commerce and change the way people book travelA people-focused organization dedicated to making sure you're challenged, learning, growing, and recognized for all the great work you doThe camaraderie of a driven, agile team that is building something disruptiveExcellent health, dental, vision and 401k plans, and stock options tooFun stuff - quarterly travel stipend, flexible time off, subsidized cell phone plans and fitness memberships, and the opportunity to spin the HT Roulette wheel to win a spontaneous weekend getaway!We are on a mission to radically transform hotel bookings. Doing this requires us to think differently and to question conventional approaches, therefore it’s essential to have a diverse team of the very best people with all types of backgrounds and experiences to bring the best ideas to life. We are committed to maintaining an environment where all of our team members have the opportunity to be heard, to make an impact and to do the best work of their lives."
"2962458309"	"Data Governance Product Specialist"	"Informatica"	2019-01-17	89	134	110	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=105&ao=163603&s=58&guid=00000168614af11c9451bc233c56001c&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_d397b864&cb=1547820528406&jobListingId=2962458309"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	"Our Team Were a fast-paced, innovative group where youre empowered to be successful through selling Data Integration (SaaS) solutions. Our goal at Informatica Cloud is to build an organization of smart, ambitious Cloud Specialists, committed to our mission and focused on winning, and balanced with a respectful, healthy environment and lifestyle. At Informatica Cloud, integrity and reliability are as important as talent and effort.  This person will be a member of this elite group of Pre-Sales Specialist who are working across regions. Each member has a specific focus on one of Informaticas technologies such as Cloud solutions, Big Data, MDM, Data Security etc.  The Pre-sales specialist team plays a vital role not only with regard to revenue generation, but also with Informaticas reputation in the marketplace. Were the frontline evangelists, the direct line to our customers. Backed by the strength of the Informatica brand we act as trusted advisors to solve our customers data problems. This trust is due to the quality products we offer and the knowledge that we can confidently stand behind them with an award winning global support team of data integration experts that are dedicated to our customers success.  Your Opportunity Informatica Cloud PaaS has been adopted at a phenomenal pace. Our leading cloud data integration ecosystem is fundamentally changing the industry. In this role you work with the most advanced and comprehensive customer data integration requirements, a bleeding edge engineering team, and the breadth of technical talent at Informatica. You'll be in the vortex of the cloud storm transforming industry. You'll live \"Innovator's Dilemma\" firsthand. Our Ideal Candidate Youre technically proficient and have the patience and passion to guide customers and stakeholders through all the capabilities of our products and solutions. Whether its an initial product evaluation, product demos, or addressing technical pain points, youre willing to take the time to provide deep explanations and find solutions where needed. You find a collaborative work environment rewarding yet are equally adept at and content working independently. As an influential and effective teacher, you are eager to share your knowledge and best practices and to develop and sustain an open line of communication with your supervisor and teammates. If your team members or customers are in remote locations, you are comfortable with travel in order to engage face-to-face. In addition, you have the following attributes: An ability to rapidly understand and translate clients business challenges and concerns into a solution oriented discussion.Persuasive communication skills for presenting to all customer levels, from CTOs/CIOs, to engineering managers and programmers.Resourcefulness, creativity and strategic thinking for troubleshooting problems.Essential Duties & ResponsibilitiesContributes to the knowledge base of subject matter material for your area of expertise and provides feedback for enhancements and future market opportunities to fill product issues and gaps or extend competitive advantage.Actively participates in alpha & beta testing cycles and maintains level of expertise in technical focus area, solution or domain.Works to ensure technical wins during sales cycles by performing technical qualification of opportunities where regional teams lack resource on the subject matter, architect solutions from customer requirements, performing solution demonstrations & other proof points, and proving Informaticas technical capabilities in order to reinforce the value proposition driven by the account team.Timely documentation within CRM / Marketing software, as applicable, of customer contact and activity data is required of this role (e.g. names, titles, contact information, opportunity value, product information, sales stages, probability, business pain, firm-future commitments, etc.)Actively participates in obtaining \"technical closure\" when the product specialist team is responsible for leading an opportunity.Providing the interface between the field presales and other technology functions within Informatica for product direction and feedback.Advises on competitive stance and creates counter strategies to competitive threats in accounts (identify, evaluate their influence and positioning eg. SWOT analysis strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats).Creates competitive analysis, keeps up-to-date with industry thinking and product space, promotes integrated solutions, and assists in development of cross-products solutions and promotes cross-product initiatives.Contributes and maintains the knowledge-base of commonly used demos, presentations, best practices and FAQ's and provides subject matter material to support the broader presales team.Provides enablement and mentorship to the broader presales communityKnowledge & SkillsHolds expert-level experience and uses professional concepts and company objectives to resolve complex issues in creative and effectvie ways.Deep industry knowledge and understanding of a customers decision-making process, goals, strategies, and business objectives.Expert-level presentation, customer service, financial/business acumen, and negotiation skills at all levels of customer engagement.Complete, big-picture understanding of the business and technical contexts of key accounts.Driven, self-starter who exudes leadership on account set and compels others to get on board.Fully adept at consultative effectiveness and establishing trust with internal and external customers.Advanced technical knowledge of hybrid deployment of software solutions, Data Warehousing, Database, and/or Business Intelligence software concepts and products.Strong understanding in Data Integration (on-premise and/or cloud based)Strong background in Service Oriented Architecture (SOA).Experience with Web Services based APIs, REST, etc.Knowledge and experience with Cloud applications including Salesforce.com, NetSuite, Microsoft Dynamics CRM Live, or others.Ability to develop sample integrations for PoC purposes as required by the client.Programming experience in Java, C, C++, or .NET.Understanding of messaging-middleware technologies, including IBM MQ, TIBCO, WebMethods, etc.Experience with Salesforce.com and Apex coding.Education & ExperienceBA/BS or equivalent educational background is preferred.Minimum 8+ years of relevant professional experience."
"3066673287"	"Analyst"	"IQVIA"	2019-01-18	66	103	82	3.5	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=191997&s=58&guid=00000168614ae978a9e957626c141f31&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_2d0257af&cb=1547820527157&jobListingId=3066673287"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	" Job DescriptionJoin us on our exciting journey! IQVIA™ is The Human Data Science Company™, focused on using data and science to help healthcare clients find better solutions for their patients. Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness advances in healthcare information, technology, analytics and human ingenuity to drive healthcare forward.  The Compliance Analyst will work primarily on teams led by Project Managers to meet goals and objectives as outlined in client contracts/agreements. Projects cover a variety of subject matter including: Compliance Consulting (Fair Market Value, KOL Criteria, Benchmarking, and Process Design)Auditing and Monitoring (IRO Services, Risk Assessments, Monitoring Services, and Compliance Audits)Business Process Outsourcing (KOL Evaluation, State Disclosure Filing, HCP Debarment and Investigation Screening)Special projects and internal projects will also be assigned on an as needed basisGeneral ResponsibilitiesSupport and eventually lead consulting projectsLead clients in brainstorming and requirements gathering interviewsAnalyze and collect data, defend findingsDevelop, articulate and present ideas and opinionsManage and take accountability for sections of projectsDevelop relationships with clients and identify future opportunitiesCreate project deliverables with some oversight by senior staffSupport in growing the organizationOther duties as assignedSpecific TasksComplete assignments accurately and on time, according to project plansTake direction and feedback from project managersCreate client ready presentations and materials with input from project leadsConduct detailed analysis and explain findings, with minimal guidanceLook for and suggest training/development opportunities for selfStay up to date on the news related to the industryOffer appropriate input and support at client meetingsManage own deliverables and client deliverables as assigned by project managerActively look for ways to improve service offerings and develop new offeringsGeneral RequirementsMinimum 0-2 years of work experience as a strategy or management consultant preferredUndergraduate degree or equivalent experience required; MBA, MHA or JD in Health law or relevant field preferredEntrepreneurial, well organized, self-motivated, team playerAnalytical, and quantitative: feels comfortable with numbers, strong business acumenWillingness to have a different opinion, ability to articulate thoughts and concepts wellInterest in Pharmaceutical industry and consulting IQVIA is an EEO Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled  We know that meaningful results require not only the right approach but also the right people. Regardless of your role, we invite you to reimagine healthcare with us. You will have the opportunity to play an important part in helping our clients drive healthcare forward and ultimately improve human health outcomes.  Whatever your career goals, we are here to ensure you get there!  We invite you to join IQVIA™  #LI-AC1  IQVIA is an EEO Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled'  We know that meaningful results require not only the right approach but also the right people. Regardless of your role, we invite you to reimagine healthcare with us. You will have the opportunity to play an important part in helping our clients drive healthcare forward and ultimately improve human health outcomes. Whatever your career goals, we are here to ensure you get there! We invite you to join IQVIA™Job ID: R1049637"
"3085625587"	"Wealth Management, Business Intelligence Client Analytics:..."	"JPMorgan Chase"	2019-01-13	90	138	113	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=115&ao=182759&s=58&guid=00000168614af11c9451bc233c56001c&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_50803481&cb=1547820528407&jobListingId=3085625587"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	" SunIRef:Sales:title  Wealth Management, Business Intelligence & Client Analytics: Marketing and Sales Enablement, Vice President - New York, NY 10017 - **********  Find Jobs  Company Reviews  Find Salaries  Find Resumes  Employers / Post Job  Upload your resume  Sign in  Home  whatjob title, keywords, or company  wherecity, state, or zip code  Find Jobs  Advanced Job Search  Wealth Management, Business Intelligence & Client Analytics: Marketing and Sales Enablement, Vice President  JP Morgan Chase  21,642 reviews New York, NY 10017 JP Morgan Chase  21,642 reviews  Read what people are saying about working here.  Asset and Wealth Management  J.P. Morgan is a global leader in asset and wealth management services. The Asset & Wealth Management line of business serves institutional, ultra high net worth, high net worth and individual clients through its Asset Management and Wealth Management businesses. With client assets of $2.8 trillion and assets under management of $2.0 trillion, we are one of the largest asset and wealth managers in the world. (Assets as of June 30, 2018.)  Throughout its long and distinguished history, Asset & Wealth Management has been steadfastly committed to putting its clients' interests first. This fiduciary responsibility defines our relationship with clients and informs every decision we make on their behalf. The Asset & Wealth Management business is also guided by its strategic objective and business priorities.  Wealth Management  J.P. Morgan offers expertise across wealth management disciplines to help clients advance towards their goals. By consistently keeping our clients informed, focusing on risk-adjusted returns and rapidly adjusting to tactical opportunities and risks, we stand by our clients through market cycles. J.P. Morgan's wealth management and solutions are provided through the Private Bank and J.P. Morgan Securities Corporation.  Provides an exceptional breadth and depth of wealth management solutions, including investing, wealth structuring, capital advisory, philanthropy and banking  More than a century of experience helping the world's wealthiest individuals and their families grow, manage and sustain their wealth to ultimately leave a lasting legacy  Bank products and services are offered through JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its affiliates. Securities are offered by J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., member FINRA, NYSE and SIPC. J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. is an affiliate of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  J.P. Morgan Private Bank is the marketing name for the private banking business conducted by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries worldwide.  Summary of Responsibilities  The Wealth Management Global Business Intelligence team is focused on using data to identify and optimize sales productivity and business development efforts and drive development of marketing strategies. The team oversees the entire lifecycle from acquisition to analytics to delivery of increased ROI, new business and sales growth.  As part of this broader group, the Business Intelligence & Client Analytics team's mission is to partner with the Wealth Management business (U.S. and International Private Bank, JPMS) to shape distribution strategies through data-driven insights, and to embed these analytical processes into the organization's decision-making framework to continually improve and evolve the insights delivered to the business. The team works closely with sales management, advisors and the marketing team to drive these strategies and foster change management. Qualifications: We are looking for a multi-talented, high-energy individual that will work closely with the business to deliver high value and high impact analytics to help shape strategy to drive sales activities and marketing strategies. The ideal candidate will have the following skills/competencies:  5+ years experience working with large consumer datasets and third party data sources  Extensive experience manipulating, exploring, analyzing, and visualizing data in Python, R, or SAS  Proficiency in SQL and ability to write complex queries and pull data from various sources (flat file, Teradata, Greenplum, Hadoop)  Experience using data visualization tools (Tableau, Qlikview, Javascript) and the ability to clearly communicate the results of complex analysis to business partners  Very high proficiency with MS Project, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, and/or other common project and business communication software  Resiliency and perseverance to solve data and analytical obstacles  Detail oriented to ensure data is clean and work is precise  Experience in list targeting and running suppressions.  Experience in outlining data and analytics that will yield impactful results  Previous experience using data visualization tools to present complex data to business partners  Excellent presentation skills and experience presenting to senior management teams  Familiarity and comfort with CRM systems  Experience building dashboards of key performance indicators and MIS to measure business, sales and marketing impacts  Strong project management/delivery skills  Previous experience in financial services industry and/or wealth management a plus  Strong time management and organizational skills to manage multiple priorities  Ability to adapt to shifting priorities and timelines by utilizing problem-solving skills  Proactive attitude in managing stakeholder satisfaction to position and secure customer success  Education: Bachelors degree in mathematics or statistics preferred  JPMorgan Chase - 5 hours ago - report job - original job  On Company Site  Save this job"
"3084442529"	"Quantitative Analyst"	"Macquarie Group"	2019-01-12	112	183	140	3.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=293901&s=58&guid=00000168614ae978a9e957626c141f31&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_62776a5b&cb=1547820527157&jobListingId=3084442529"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	" We are looking for a recent PhD graduate to join the central quantitative strategy team as a Quantitative Analyst focusing on fixed income products.  Our quantitative strategy team works within the front office team working closely with global sales, structuring and sales business. They focus on applying specialist methods from mathematics, science and engineering to generate revenue. We work on derivative valuation and risk, automated trading and execution, and data-driven decision-making.  Most critical to your success will be your interest and ability to implement financial models for product valuation, risk analysis and trading. Working on the trading floor, youll have the opportunity to build strong relationships across the business by providing quantitative expertise to traders, structurers and marketers, as well as our technology and compliance teams.  Were looking for a creative thinker who can extend and evolve our quantitative models library.  We are seeking a candidate with: Outstanding academic achievements, a PhD in a quantitative discipline (e.g. maths, physics or engineering), and a strong academic networkA demonstrable interest in financeExperience with C++, Python or other programming languages will be advantageous Please apply now, for this outstanding opportunity to be a part of a global team, closely aligned with revenue generation.  Find out more about Macquarie careers at www.macquarie.com/careers  Commodities and Global Markets provides clients with an integrated, end-to-end offering across global markets including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or protected veteran status. Macquarie takes affirmative action in support of its policy to and advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities."
"3087563621"	"Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Morgan Stanley USA"	2019-01-16	74	101	85	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=118&ao=208029&s=58&guid=00000168614af11c9451bc233c56001c&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_6fa7364b&cb=1547820528407&jobListingId=3087563621"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	" Company Profile Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management and wealth management services. The firm's employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments and individuals from more than 1,200 offices in 43 countries. As a market leader, the talent and passion of our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic. Morgan Stanley can provide a superior foundation for building a professional career -- a place for people to learn, to achieve and grow. A philosophy that balances personal lifestyles, perspectives and needs is an important part of our culture. Department Profile Corporate Services provides a robust portfolio of global services utilized daily across the firm to enable productivity, efficiency, safety, optimized business models and an enhanced employee experience in the workplace. We have over 5,000 staff managing a multi-billion dollar scope of services including Real Estate and Location Strategy; Real Estate Portfolio and Transaction Management; Property Management; Corporate Travel; Corporate Security & Investigations; Corporate Information Management; and Regional Client Services; and Office of the COO. The Business Intelligence Analyst will support the development of the Global BI Data & Analytics platform within the Morgan Stanley's Real Estate and Location Strategy group. They will work directly with subject matter experts (SMEs) to develop and maintain dashboard reporting and business analytics. They will assist in the development of dashboard modules within the BI tool kit that provides end users with relevant metrics and analytics to manage the corporate real estate portfolio. In addition to technical responsibilities, the ability to work on a team, in a highly collaborative environment is required. The ability to communicate with stakeholders is also required. An understanding of corporate real estate is preferred. Qualifications: Analytical/Data Management Skills: - Ability to analyze data, determine trends and develop metrics - Design, develop and implement Business Intelligence (BI) solutions under the direction of the BI Manager - Extract data from databases and data warehouses - Standardize data collection by developing methods for database design and validation reports - Create QA test cases/test steps to ensure data integrity across all performance-based metrics and quality assurance of BI output - Work with end users to ensure user acceptance testing and a complete delivery of reporting/analysis solution - Statistical knowledge and/or Six Sigma expertise - Work with IT to identify and import new data into the Corporate Services' data warehouse - Build prototypes for demonstration and illustration purposes for peer groups and partners - Collaborate with others regarding data/table structures to optimize Tableau Dashboards and other self-service needs - Improve current processes and develop efficiencies by applying best practices - Ability to meet deadlines, prioritize work and handle multiple tasks - Ability to work independently as well as in a team environment Technical Skills: - Highly skilled in developing Tableau dashboards - VBA programming, PIVOT table development, and in-depth knowledge of EXCEL functions and formulas - Proficient in the use of Structured Query Language (SQL), BOXI, and other reporting tools - Strong PC skills, particularly spreadsheet (Excel) and presentation (PowerPoint) expertise Communication Skills: - Build, document, and communicate user requirements - Interpret and communicate information for consumption by a non-technical audience - Clearly communicate and drive discussions on data structure with business and technology partners - Document and communicate technical specifications to ensure database queries and final deliverables are understood - Effective written and verbal communication skills  Business Intelligence Analyst  Associated topics: business, business advisory, business systems, business systems analyst, client, consultant, crm, market, sales, support analyst"
"3084596628"	"Lead Business Intelligence Developer"	"Morgan Stanley USA"	2019-01-12	71	102	82	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=208029&s=58&guid=00000168614af11c9451bc233c56001c&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_4ecb1566&cb=1547820528407&jobListingId=3084596628"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	" Company Profile Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management and wealth management services. The Firm's employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments and individuals from more than 1,200 offices in 43 countries. As a market leader, the talent and passion of our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic. Morgan Stanley can provide a superior foundation for building a professional career - a place for people to learn, to achieve and grow. A philosophy that balances personal lifestyles, perspectives and needs is an important part of our culture. Technology Technology works as a strategic partner with Morgan Stanley business units and the world's leading technology companies to redefine how we do business in ever more global, complex, and dynamic financial markets. Morgan Stanley's sizeable investment in technology results in quantitative trading systems, cutting-edge modeling and simulation software, comprehensive risk and security systems, and robust client-relationship capabilities, plus the worldwide infrastructure that forms the backbone of these systems and tools. Our insights, our applications and infrastructure give a competitive edge to clients' businesses-and to our own. MS Wealth Management (MSWM) Technology Morgan Stanley Wealth Management (MSWM) Technology is the global technology department responsible for the design, development, delivery and support of the technical solutions behind the products and services used by the Morgan Stanley Wealth Management (MSWM) business. The department is comprised of 10 organizations: Sales, Banking & Corporate-Client Technology, Investment Products & Markets Technology, Client Reporting, Core Processing, Private and International Wealth Management Technology, Technology Integration Office, Enterprise Infrastructure & Production Management, Capital Markets Application & Data Services, Deployment Planning & Release Management, and the Chief Operating Office. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management (MSWM) Technology works with large scale databases such as DB2 and SQL Server, proprietary and non-proprietary messaging software, a broad variety of vendor products, numerous financial exchanges and regulatory entities, and programming languages ranging from .Net and Java to Cobol and VB.Net. Responsibilities Include: - Design Dashboards and Reports, with different data sources - Design generic data model for various data domains which can be used to cater their Analytics needs - Interact with Business (or IT) users and understand their requirements from a data analytic, visualization and UI/UX perspective - Ability to understand and analyze the data to find patterns and valuable business insights using Tableau - Convert the business requirements to technical code using SQL - Deliver reports to Business team in a timely manner - Communicate and work proactively with other teams (ETL, EDW, QA and OPS) to build the required dashboards - Working with global development teams to implement best practices - Dashboard tuning. *LI-FG1 Qualifications: Required Skills - 10-12 years of experience in Data and Analytics space -Hands-on professional with thorough knowledge of scripting, data source integration and advanced GUI development in Tableau -Very strong SQL skills in at least one DB technology i.e. Teradata or any other database like Oracle, UDB, Hadoop. Teradata skills are preferred -Full understanding of the processes of data quality, data cleansing and data transformation and data modeling -Ability to understand and analyze the data to find patterns and valuable Business Insights -Ability to write complicated yet efficient SQL queries and stored procedures -Experience in end-to-end implementation of Business Intelligence (BI) projects, especially in scorecards, KPIs, reports & dashboards -Comfortable in manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources -Good knowledge of Unix scripting -Understanding of the Data warehouse life cycle right from data source to ETL to transformations to multidimensional models like data marts, star schema and Reporting -Should be good at tuning Tableau Dashboards -Query Tuning -Ability to challenge status-quo through identification of key business requirements and addressing through innovative data-visualization solutions. -Financial Services experience will be a strong plus -Ability to research and troubleshoot technical problems. *LI-FG1  Lead Business Intelligence Developer  Associated topics: business, business advisory, business analysis, business intelligence, consultant, crm, information technology consultant, market, marketing, sap"
"3084599318"	"Senior Business Intelligence Analyst"	"Morgan Stanley USA"	2019-01-12	82	109	92	3.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=129&ao=208029&s=58&guid=00000168614af11c9451bc233c56001c&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_5f5fc59d&cb=1547820528407&jobListingId=3084599318"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	" Company Profile: Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management and wealth management services. The Firm's employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments and individuals from more than 1,200 offices in 43 countries. As a market leader, the talent and passion of our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic. Morgan Stanley can provide a superior foundation for building a professional career - a place for people to learn, to achieve and grow. A philosophy that balances personal lifestyles, perspectives and needs is an important part of our culture. Department Profile: The Finance Division reports to the Chief Financial Officer and consists of some 3,000 employees worldwide. Finance protects the Morgan Stanley franchise by serving as guardian of the Firm's books and records, and by contributing to Firmwide risk management and risk reduction. This division maintains relationships with Morgan Stanley's various industry and government regulators, and also serves as the conduit of financial information to the outside investment community. Finance plays a critical role as advisor to Morgan Stanley's various businesses and its senior management team. The Financial Control Group (FCG) is responsible for overseeing the accounting and financial and regulatory reporting for the Firm. FCG prepares external financial reports for public filings and regulators. For internal reporting FCG, along with Financial Planning and Analysis (FPA), summarizes, plans and forecasts the organization's financial position, including income statements, balance sheets, and analyses of future revenues, expenses and earnings. FCG is comprised of Business Unit Controllers, Infrastructure Controllers, Accounting, Regulatory and Reporting groups, and Valuation Review. Job Summary: We are looking for a seasoned data and business intelligence analyst who has a background either in economics or finance with a strong skill set in Tableau Software, reporting and visualization for management reporting. The analyst will be responsible for BI Strategy and tool development including implementation of Enterprise Performance Management tool for Morgan Stanley infrastructure groups. The analyst will be responsible for reporting conversion program from MS Legacy GL to renovated GL and including all upstream systems that depend on the Legacy Data. Qualifications: -Bachelors degree required in informatics, statistics or mathematics related disciplines -Strong consultative and written/verbal communication -Strong analytic and problem solving skills -Self-motivated, intellectually curious, open learner -Experience with SQL and data visualization tools -Technical understanding of BI Software -Experience on using and developing Tableau Software, Qlikview -Experience or understanding of Enterprise Performance management tools such as Oracle EPM or IBM Data Analytics  Senior Business Intelligence Analyst  Associated topics: accountant i, accountant ii, accounting, accounting officer, budget, cost, finance, financial analyst ii, financial analyst iv, internal audit"
"2913277319"	"Business Analyst"	"North Highland"	2019-01-15	78	115	93	3.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=112&ao=131054&s=58&guid=00000168614ae978a9e957626c141f31&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_a43245c5&cb=1547820527157&jobListingId=2913277319"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	" Job:  Business Analyst Location: New York, NY Capabilities: Process & BAAdditional Locations:Travel Requirements: Job Number: JO-1808-9237 Share  | |Email this jobCELEBRATE YOUR PERSONALITY AND TEAM SPIRIT.GROW THROUGH YOUR CHOICES.MAKE YOUR MARK. North Highland has a mantra: Unleash Potential Together. For our clients, it means we challenge thinking and build capabilities, so that after each engagement, they are left stronger and inspired to do more. With our colleagues, it means fostering an environment where bringing, shaping, growing and sharing ideas isn’t just encouraged—it’s expected. And within our communities, it means we give of our skills, time and passion to make them more prosperous.  At North Highland, Strategy Consulting helps our clients determine where they should go by designing customized strategies to generate in-year returns and drive innovation, while Management Consulting helps our clients determine how to get there with a focus on process design, change management and project prioritization. Our Delivery Consulting enables our clients to get where they are going by executing on key operational PM, BA, Product and Change Management initiatives.  Within our firm we have a growing competency called Delivery Consulting. This is the team that makes the motor run for our clients with an emphasis on execution work focused on implementing the critical work the client needs, not meeting sales targets for the firm. North Highland offers a wide range of Delivery Consulting work from a single role-based opportunity to delivering complex initiatives as part of larger team. We offer a competitive compensation model designed centered around earned-hour pay. The measurement of a Delivery Consultant’s work is based on the efficacy of the work-product they provide – it’s that simple – and they are able to create and grow their skills in the fields that interest them most. Delivery Consultants talk less and do more, using their talents – of ingenuity, divergent thinking and relentless determination – to build products and services that speak for themselves.  This is a Business Analyst role with responsibility for leading our clients' efforts in implementing multiple IT project initiatives. Job FunctionsWork cross-functionally with key business partners to help establish strategic goals and objectives, project objectives, and set expectations on functional scopeFacilitate meetings with project stakeholders to determine project and application requirementsAnalyze the organization's business model and define its policies and market approachesElicitation of business and user requirements needed to conduct current state analysisReview user stories, system requirements, business rules, and scenario documentation to verify they meet business requirementsDesign business process to articulate functional specifications and standardize the organization's workflowsAnalyze systems and understand business rules required for IT project initiativesSupport development of project plans, project implementation, and post-implementation supportManage stakeholder needs and expectations, and communicate effectively for ongoing project progress visibilityAttend daily scrums to ensure project roadmap is on track and proper organizational alignment is in placeDetermine a prioritization of functional scope and work with delivery teams to set Agile sprint plans and release schedulesResponsible for backlog grooming and reporting, defect management, and risk monitoringQualifications3+ years of experience in business analysis, system analysis and design, or infrastructure design/development/supportProven experience in a lead role with the ability to mentor/coach teamLarge, enterprise project experience ranging in size from $1million+Agile Delivery - user story development and backlog groomingExperience working with C-Suite and communicating cross-functionallyHighly motivated and driven with ability to think strategically and take on initiativesAble to work in fast-pace, changing environmentAttention to detail and proven analytical skillsAbility to collaborate with both internal and external partnersRequirements GatheringMeeting FacilitationProcess DesignVersionOne, Rally, RTC or Jira experienceBachelor's degree requiredCBAP Preferred North Highland is a global management consulting firm known for helping clients solve their most complex challenges related to customer experience, performance improvement, technology and digital, and transformation. We add value and support our clients across the full spectrum of consulting, from strategy through delivery. We bring the big ideas, then we make them real. North Highland is an employee-owned firm, headquartered in Atlanta, GA, with more than 3,000 consultants worldwide and 60+ offices around the globe. The firm is a member of Cordence Worldwide (www.cordenceworldwide.com), a global management consulting alliance. For more information, visit northhighland.com and connect with us on LinkedIn, Twitter and Facebook.  North Highland is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and welcomes all qualified applicants. Applicants will receive fair and impartial consideration without regard to race, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status, genetic data, or other legally protected status."
"2498217759"	"Data Analyst"	"SeatGeek"	2019-01-15	75	104	89	4.8	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=114&ao=4120&s=58&guid=00000168614ae978a9e957626c141f31&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_56921ee9&cb=1547820527157&jobListingId=2498217759"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	"Data-driven decision making has always been important at SeatGeek. Our Analytics team helps drive strategic decision-making by providing meaningful business insights from data. We’re looking for a Data Analyst to join our growing team who can ensure the most relevant information is surfaced to each team to allow for well informed decisions. If you’re a well-rounded, business-savvy, technically capable analyst with SQL chops and a knack for figuring out complex systems fast, we’d love to talk with you.Who you are You love digging through mounds of data, but your understanding of what is relevant and your ability to communicate results in a concise way separates you from the pack. You look forward to open discussions around the “gray” area of business decisions, but aim to narrow that area with data driven insights as much as possible. You take pride in proactively providing data, analysis and findings in a collaborative manner. You also have many of the following: 2 to 4 years of relevant experience analyzing large and complex data sets, working with relational databases and writing SQLa degree in Mathematics, Economics, Statistics or another quantitative fieldadvanced working knowledge of SQL, perhaps with a side of Python or Ra keen sense of design, both in data architecture and dashboard presentation.knowledge of the transactional marketplace business model or consumer facing e-commerce products (bonus for mobile-first!)What you’ll dohelp drive strategic decision-making through detailed analysis, insights and reporting on key performance indicators (KPIs) and financial resultsinvestigate positive and negative trends in a wide array of business processescollaborate with departments across the company to understand needs while effectively prioritizing incoming requestswork with engineers and other source data experts to clean up messy data setscontinually improve visibility into benchmarks across the companycreate and maintain world class dashboards and data models in our BI platform, Looker Job Perks A culture that places the product first. We are a technology company at heart, and are proud of the idea that great technology drives great user experienceA laid-back, fun workplace designed to facilitate collaboration and company wide events$120/mo to spend on tickets to live eventsA superb benefits package, including full health/dental/visionA focus on transparency. We have regular team lunches and Q&A panels where employees can chat openly with teams across SeatGeek, our co-founders, and external guests from the industryHackathons: scheduled times when everyone drops what they’re doing and builds cool stuff in small groups Come Join Us!SeatGeek is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment regardless of race, color, religion, creed, age, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, military or veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law. As an equal opportunities employer, we recognize that diversity is a positive attribute and we welcome the differences and benefits that a diverse culture brings."
"3067018878"	"Analyst"	"TD Bank"	2019-01-18	65	101	83	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=113&ao=134866&s=58&guid=00000168614ae978a9e957626c141f31&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_e52b694a&cb=1547820527157&jobListingId=3067018878"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	"Position liaises closely with the Banks other operations in Canada, Europe and the U.S. to assist in meeting the Banks objectives.  Develops an institutional investor base in the U.S. to fund the Bank and to place U.S. and Canadian money market positions.  Strict adherence personally and at a desk level to the firm's procedures.  Understands and complies with TD Policies, regulatory and compliance requirements.  Ensures that transactions are fully documented and processed accurately and in a timely manner.  Communicates bank policy information and strategy between the product head and relevant trading personnel.  Fully informed on market data, economic information and key industry developments as well as regulatory standards at all times to assist in maximizing profitability through sound trading decisions.  Develops and maintains contacts.  Responsible for executing the ongoing trading exception report reviews for Money Markets Sales NY.  Understands the approved Business Strategies (Strategic Business Reviews SBRs), applicable to the business, and ensures that all of your business dealings are in alignment with these strategies.  Follows Credit Risk Policies and procedures, as they apply to the business and is responsible for being aware of and understanding such policies and procedures and ensuring that applicable sales and trading activity is in line with those policies.  Demonstrates governance, control and risk management behaviors in alignment with TD policies and practices. Job Requirements Must be detail oriented and possess problem-solving skills. Must be able to work independently with minimal supervision and establish priorities.  Proficient in interpersonal communication (both oral and written), and have the ability to communicate effectively with all levels of staff and management. Qualifications Undergraduate degree in Business (Accounting or Finance) or Mathematics/Economics  Series 7 and 63  5-7 Years of related experience InclusivenessAt TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live in and serve, and creating an environment where every employee has the opportunity to reach her/his potential.  If you are a candidate with a disability and need an accommodation to complete the application process, email the TD Bank US Workplace Accommodations Program at USWAPTDO@td.com . Include your full name, best way to reach you, and the accommodation needed to assist you with the application process.  EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.*Province/State (Primary) New York City (Primary) New York City"
"2765919836"	"Senior Data Engineer"	"ThoughtWorks"	2019-01-16	134	152	141	4	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=106&ao=98222&s=58&guid=00000168614af11c9451bc233c56001c&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_4677073a&cb=1547820528406&jobListingId=2765919836"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	"As a Senior Data Engineer, here's what we'll be looking for you to bring:Hands-on Engineering LeadershipProven track record of Innovation and expertise in Data EngineeringTenure in coding, architecting and delivering complex projectsDeep understanding and application of modern data processing technology stacks. For example Spark, Hadoop ecosystem technologies, and othersDeep understanding of NoSQL technologies including column family, graph, document, and key-value data storage technologiesDeep understanding of relational database technologies and database development techniquesUnderstanding of how to architect solutions for data science and analyticsData management for reporting and BI experience is a plusUnderstanding of \"Agility\", including core values, guiding principles, and key agile practicesUnderstanding of the theory and application of Continuous Integration/DeliveryPassion for software craftmanshipA rich breadth of industry experience and background working across different organizations, ranging in size, from start-ups to large corporations..Strong stakeholder management and interaction experience at different levelsAny experience building and leading an offshore/outsourcing function would be highly beneficial.There's no typical day or engagement for our Senior Engineers. Here's what you'll do:Be the SME. Develop Big Data architectural approach to meet key business objectives and provide end to end development solutionYou might spend a few weeks with a new client on a deep technical review or a complete organizational review, helping them to understand the potential that Big Data has to solve their most pressing problems.On other projects, you might be acting as the architect, leading the design of technical solutions, or perhaps overseeing a program inception to build a new product.It could be much more about getting stuck into a delivery project where you're equally happy coding and tech leading the team to implement the solution.Whatever your role, the team always look to draw on your experience when things get tough and you often handle the difficult client conversations allowing the team to continue delivering without undue pressure.You have great relationships with our new business team and work collaboratively to support pre-sales, meet prospective clients and ultimately influence and shape our portfolio of work.You recognize that building your network with a client is absolutely key to enable you to perform in your role. You'll be drawing on all of your passion for technology, hands-on experience and knowledge of latest Big Data and Engineering best practices to help you gain the respect and credibility of those around you.Regardless of what you do at ThoughtWorks, you'll always have the opportunity to:Think through hard problems, and work with a team to make them reality.Learn something new every day.Work in a dynamic, collaborative, transparent, non-hierarchal, and ego-free culture where your talent is valued over a role titleTravel the world.Speak at conferences.Write blogs and books.Develop your career outside of the confinements of a traditional career path by focusing on what you're passionate about rather than a predetermined one-size-fits-all planBe part of a company with Social and Economic Justice at the heart of its mission.Not quite ready to apply? Or maybe this isn't the right role for you?That's OK, you can stay in touch with AccessThoughtWorks, our learning community (tick 'contact me about recruitment opportunities' to hear about jobs in the future).  #LI-NA"
"2917082343"	"Senior Consultant"	"TIBCO Software"	2019-01-18	88	126	103	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=103&ao=186569&s=58&guid=00000168614af11c9451bc233c56001c&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_aa838bda&cb=1547820528406&jobListingId=2917082343"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	" The Professional Services Consultant performs analysis, designs and develops (full lifecycle) reporting and business intelligence solutions as well as delivers technical training on Jaspersoft’s software. Ability to effectively communicate instruction both verbally and writtenAbility to travel to client locations up to 70% of scheduleWork independently at client sites and home office locationsAbility to identify and respond to client issuesExhibit sound judgment in escalation of client issuesParticipate in pre-sales activities and internal development projectsPossess combination of technical and client management skills."
"3031127712"	"Data Discovery Operations Analyst"	"Two Sigma"	2019-01-16	93	125	108	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=118&ao=413086&s=58&guid=00000168614ae978a9e957626c141f31&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_bc6d90d7&cb=1547820527157&jobListingId=3031127712"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	" With the breathtaking pace at which data is growing, and with new types of data coming online and new hypotheses becoming measurable, we continue to face the inspiring and exciting challenge to reveal value in the world’s data. We are seeking intellectually curious and creative analysts who are deeply passionate about data exploration, augmentation, and analysis to join our team. In this role, you will partner with our close-knit team of data sourcing colleagues, engineers, quantitative researchers, and data scientists to translate data into actionable insights and to accelerate our vibrant research pipeline. Key responsibilities include: While financial industry experience is a plus, we are open-minded in our search for critical thinkers who are passionate about technology and data.Operating and extending our data discovery platform to allow for colleagues to discover, trial and purchase datasetsIdentifying and generating reports about our workflowsProject management of various data pipelines to ensure that new datasets are constantly being evaluated Requirements include:A strong academic track record with university coursework or related data analysis experience.Applied data analysis experience, especially using popular scripting languages (particularly Python) and/or data analysis tools and languages (PyData, R, Julia, Matlab, Tableau).Deep intellectual curiosity and passion for data.Excellent problem solving, communication, and analytical skills.Eagerness to work in an evolving and fast-paced environment."
"2955061037"	"Analytics & Insights Senior Data Analyst"	"Uber"	2019-01-12	101	130	113	4.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=111&ao=134571&s=58&guid=00000168614ae978a9e957626c141f31&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_65fd8a5d&cb=1547820527157&jobListingId=2955061037"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	" At Uber, we ignite opportunity by setting the world in motion. We take on big problems to help drivers, riders, delivery partners, and eaters get moving in more than 600 cities around the world.  We welcome people from all backgrounds who seek the opportunity to help build a future where everyone and everything can move independently. If you have the curiosity, passion, and collaborative spirit, work with us, and let’s move the world forward, together. About the Role As a member of the Uber Eats Analytics & Insights team, the Senior Data Analyst will drive the analyses behind decisions related to our community's support experience and management of Uber Eats Restaurant support. You’ll work with a cross functional team of product managers, business leaders, and Uber’s customer support network to address the complex challenges of scaling our business while building out a world-class support network for our restaurant partners.  The Senior Data Analyst will play a big part in developing our strategy to scale restaurant support as we develop onboarding, engagement and retention strategies. You will apply advanced analytics skills like experimental design and statistical modeling, along with advanced reporting through R and Python.  The ideal candidate for this role has excellent analytical and time-management skills, with the ability to communicate and present information for stakeholders at all levels of the business. You should apply for this position if you possess a passion for improving techniques, processes, tracking, analytical insights and technology used by restaurant support team to achieve our bold goals. What You’ll DoOwn data analysis and visualization, and communicate the outcomes/insights to various stakeholders including senior management to aid strategic decisions for improvements in support experience for drivers and ridersCoordinate with other members of the Community Operations Team to measure the impact and efficiency of new products and business processesDevelop analytical frameworks to support decision making in the US and CanadaPartner closely with Uber Eats Restaurant Support team to provide insights that drive decisions around process, policy and service modelBuild, maintain, and communicate detailed reporting & modelsDevelop dashboards that provide reliable insights and visualization into the restaurant experienceImplement and analyze A/B experimentsWhat You’ll NeedBachelor’s DegreeMinimum 3-4 years of data science, business intelligence, investment banking, consulting or related experienceExpertise in SQL (Hive or Presto experience a plus)Experience with R and/or Python (fluency in either language preferred)Strong teamwork skills and desire to help others learnExceptional data management skillsStrong communication and organization skillsHustle and entrepreneurship - driven and focused self-starterStrategic mindset - you're comfortable thinking a few steps ahead of where the team is at nowBonus Points IfHigh-growth analytics or operations experienceExperience working in a support environment (contact management analytics, Zendesk API familiarity, etc.)Experience in advanced reporting tools such as R Shiny, Dash, or BokehAbout the Team The NorthAm Community Operations team ensures that we are providing high-quality support at scale. The Analytics & Insights team is tasked with providing critical business insights to help identify opportunities and implement operational improvements across our entire organization."
"3066920407"	"Business Analyst - Business Intelligence"	"UBS"	2019-01-18	73	118	94	3.6	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=116&ao=201248&s=58&guid=00000168614af11c9451bc233c56001c&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_73e85993&cb=1547820528407&jobListingId=3066920407"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	"Your RoleAre you passionate about creating powerful analytic solutions? Do you possess Jedi-level BI skills? We're looking for someone who can help us: Analyze and decipher complex dataCollect and formulate business requirements via interviews and user discussionsDocument functional requirements, business processes, use-cases and other project artifactsDeliver wireframes and prototypes for reports, visualizations, and dashboardsAnalyze current vs. target business processes and provide recommendations for process improvementsProvide hands-on expertise within all phases of the SDLC (as it relates to BI and data warehousing)Your teamYou’ll be part of the Evidence Lab Innovations team within the Investment Bank in New York. Evidence Lab Innovations is charged with helping clients make better decisions with data. The analytics team is a pillar in the technology platform which provides insights to a variety of users across the bank. We work with a large number of groups, including CRM, data science, marketing, data quality teams and operations. We have a common goal to help provide meaningful insights and solutions that drive better decision-making.Your expertiseYou have: – 5+ years of experience leading data warehouse and BI projects  – Significant expertise in defining requirements, business process documentation, change management, and stakeholder management  – Proficiency with Business Intelligence platforms and visualization tools (i.e. Tableau, OBIEE, Looker, Business Objects, QlikView)  – Superior communication skills and a demonstrated ability to build consensus across different levels of the organization  – Excellent data analysis skills, including the ability to work with and profile large data sets  – Deep fundamental knowledge of data warehouse principles and dimensional modeling  – Experience working within waterfall and agile project management frameworks  – Understanding of master data management and data governance practices You are: – Highly driven in your pursuit to make the world a better place through data-based decision making  – Excellent at managing expectations across all stakeholders including IT, business users and management  – Passionate about using data to understand and solve complex business questions  – Pragmatic and methodical in your approach to design and translate requirements which are easily understood by both business and technical counterparts  – Able to effectively learning new tools, methods, applications and processes  – Superior at analyzing data to evaluate quality, completeness and value of new data setsWhat we offerTogether. That’s how we do things. We offer people around the world a supportive, challenging and diverse working environment. We value your passion and commitment, and reward your performance.  Keen to achieve the work-life agility that you desire? We're open to discussing how this could work for you (and us).Take the next stepAre you truly collaborative? Succeeding at UBS means respecting, understanding and trusting colleagues and clients. Challenging others and being challenged in return. Being passionate about what you do. Driving yourself forward, always wanting to do things the right way. Does that sound like you? Then you have the right stuff to join us. Apply now.Disclaimer / Policy StatementsUBS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce."
"3032208348"	"Data Engineer, Real Estate and Development Technology"	"WeWork"	2019-01-17	112	128	119	3.3	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=102&ao=446743&s=58&guid=00000168614af11c9451bc233c56001c&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_99086cda&cb=1547820528406&jobListingId=3032208348"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	"The RoleAt WeWork, data sits in the center of our business, providing insights into the effectiveness of our physical and digital product & features. We believe data brings everything together and it is the only way we make decisions.  As a Data Engineer focused on Real Estate and Development Technology, you will build robust ETL pipelines and data models which power the products that enable WeWork to deliver more high-quality locations on time and within budget.Who you are:You're a data engineer with extensive experience designing, implementing data solutions for various business challenges, and leading database and data warehousing initiatives.  You're motivated to enable and collaboration with engineering, data science, machine learning, and product teams to take on the most challenging business needs of a hyper-growth business.ResponsibilitiesBuild well-structured data models, using the right tool for the jobImplement systems tracking data quality and consistencyDevelop tools supporting self-service data pipeline management (ETL)Provide analysts and data scientists with technical support related to data modelingWork closely with infrastructure teams on design and implementation of data solutionsWork with various team and executive stakeholders to define mission-critical metrics and key performance indicators (KPIs)Drive training on metrics and self-service data platforms to enable a stronger data cultureOwn and provide BI development tools for internal useHelp implement and maintain a comprehensive data dictionaryRequirements:We are after individuals who are highly motivated, intelligent, and have a great track record. In addition to strong analytical and quantitative skills, you should have: 4+ years functional experience in a data engineering or business intelligence roleProficient in data modeling and systems design skillsProficient in any flavor of SQLProficient in at least one scripting language (ideally Python)Experience building and maintaining robust ETL pipelinesExperience with version control with Git or other VCSExperience in at least one of our BI platforms (Looker and Tableau)Excellent written and verbal communication skillsProven ability to collaborate with data scientists and software engineers, as well as with non-technical business usersNice To HavesExperience with AWSExperience with Apache Airflow, SparkYou enjoy telling a compelling story with dataWeWork MissionWeWork is the platform for creators, providing hundreds of thousands of members across the globe space, community, and services that enable them to do what they love and craft their life's work. Our mission is to build a world where people work to make a life, not just a living, and our own team members are central to that goal.  We are building software for physical space that uses data and technology at each point in the building process, such that it can make better sourcing decisions, improve its designs, build faster and smarter, and ultimately improve the lives of the people working within its buildings.  Our state of the art technologies and dedication to technological innovation are key reasons why WeWork has been able to scale from operating one workspace location to more than 200 in just over eight years.  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Apply now!"
"2768375337"	"Global Macro Quantitative Analyst"	"WorldQuant"	2019-01-18	90	150	114	4.1	"https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=117&ao=363767&s=58&guid=00000168614ae978a9e957626c141f31&src=GD_JOB_AD&vt=w&cs=1_c989714f&cb=1547820527157&jobListingId=2768375337"	2019-01-18 09:09:19	"WorldQuant develops and deploys systematic financial strategies across a variety of asset classes and global markets. We seek to produce high-quality trading signals (Alphas) through our proprietary research platform to employ trading strategies focused on exploiting market inefficiencies. Our teams work collaboratively to drive the production of Alphas and financial strategies the foundation of a sustainable, global trading platform.WorldQuants success is built on a culture that pairs academic sensibility with accountability for results. Employees are encouraged to think openly about problems, balancing intellectualism and practicality. Great ideas come from anyone, anywhere. Employees are encouraged to challenge conventional thinking and possess a mindset of continuous improvement. Thats a key ingredient in remaining a leader in any industry.Our goal is to hire the best and the brightest quantitative researchers. We value intellectual horsepower first and foremost, and people who demonstrate an exceptional talent. There is no roadmap to future success, so we need people who can help us create it. Our collective intelligence will drive us there.The Role: Research is at the core of WorldQuant. Through rigorous exploration and unconstrained thinking about how to apply data to the financial markets, our researchers are in constant search of new Alphas. We strive to understand data in ways our competitors dont believe is possible. Researchers at WorldQuant employ tested processes seeking to identify Alphas that we believe are undiscovered by the wider market. These signals are mathematical expressions of data that are used as inputs in our quantitative models.WorldQuant is seeking an exceptional individual to join the firm as a Global Macro Quantitative Analyst and help drive the build out of a new quant macro business. While prior finance experience is not required, a successful candidate must possess a strong interest in learning about finance and global markets. Candidates will have a research scientist mind-set; be a self-starter, a creative and persevering deep thinker who is motivated by unsolved challenges. A successful candidate will focus on theorizing, reasoning, and investigating how to address various aspects of trading in the macro space.Its Impact: Quant Macro is a new business line that aspires to be a strong contributor to WorldQuants continued growth and success. WorldQuant continues to diversify our unique investment platform, which is a leader amongst its peers. We desire people who are driven by new challenges and will help us in our relentless pursuit to succeed.What Youll Bring:Ph.D. or M.S. degree from a leading university in a quantitative or highly analytical field (e.g. - Electrical Engineering, Physics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Financial Engineering)Graduated at the top of your respective educational program, with excellent problem solving abilities, insight, and judgment with a strong attention to detailDemonstrated ability to program, preferably in Python, C++ or another leading languageAdvanced practitioner-level knowledge of statistical inference, machine learning, software solvers, and/or mathematical optimizationStrong communication skills; ability to express complex concepts in simple terms"
