"jobListingId" "flag" "salary_est" "review" "size" "industry" "revenue" "description"
1518289779 0 141 4.6 "201 to 500 employees" "Consulting" "$50 to $100 million (USD) per year" "WHO WE LOOK FOR An SEI Consultant is a master communicator and active listener who understands how to navigate an audience. Self-aware, almost to a fault, SEI consultants keenly understand how to adjust their approach based on the situation. Following a logical, fact-based approach, our consultants possess the superior ability to see correlations others may not, ask the right questions and drive solutions.  As super-connectors, our consultants connect not only people, but data, trends and experiences. Mature, humble, and genuine, SEI Consultants frequently go above and beyond for both their clients and their colleagues. SEI Consultants are ethical and trustworthy individuals who do what they say. SEI Consultants have an insatiable curiosity and love to learn. These individuals are commonly tech savvy and early adopters. Their passion for learning is infectious and excites others.  As every project is different, an SEI Consultant must be adaptable and comfortable with unexpected situations. An SEI Consultant must be at ease with ambiguity because although a client knows that a problem exists – they need SEI to figure it out and drive a solution. SEI Consultants define ambition differently. SEI Consultants are authentic, low-maintenance individuals who like to hang out with colleagues outside of work. Whether it be cooking, traveling, hiking, or volunteering, SEI Consultants enjoy working with genuine, thoughtful folks who want to steer clear of the traditional grind and share the joy of day-to-day life and activities with colleagues, friends and family. WHAT WE DO Our consultants work with clients at all levels of the organization, from the C-suite to the shop floor, helping them to deliver on their most strategic initiatives. We’re known for making realistic, data-driven decisions that deliver value in tangible ways to our clients. Our clients ask for us on projects that require a superior combination of technical and business capabilities, people and management skills, and a collaborative mindset. We excel in understanding complex programs and strategic initiatives and breaking them into actionable pieces.  We work across a variety of industries and business functions and provide depth and breadth of experience across a core set of service areas: Agile Transformation and DeliveryAnalytics and Business IntelligenceBusiness Process & TransformationOrganizational Change ManagementInformation Management & Data GovernanceProgram & Project Leadership & ExecutionStrategic PlanningVendor & Technology SelectionUser Experience (UX) A career at SEI extends well beyond providing great service and thought leadership to our clients. Everyone takes an active role in building and managing our business, in an environment that runs counter to traditional consulting firms. Our consultants have a \"seat at the table\" and contribute to growing our business in ways that align to their interests such as growing business development opportunities, conducting interviews to support our hiring process, managing internal initiatives that build our brand or organizing trainings to share what you know with your colleagues. There is no telling what an SEI Consultant will be asked to do on a day-to-day basis – we do what it takes to get the job done. QUALIFICATIONSRequiredDemonstrated business acumenProven track record of delivering resultsExperience working with and/or leading a teamAbility to work independentlyAbility to work across industries, roles, functions & technologiesPositive can-do attitudeAuthorization for permanent employment in the United States (this position is not eligible for immigration sponsorship)PreferredBachelor’s degreeMinimum 8+ years professional experienceConsulting experienceExperience across our service offeringsProfessional certifications (e.g. PMP , Scrum, Agile)"
2204974404 0 141.757 4.7 "201 to 500 employees" "Internet" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " SeatGeek operates a unique business model in a complicated, opaque market. Many of the hardest problems we face have never been tackled at scale and do not have clear questions, let alone answers. Moving forward requires critical thinking, rapid prototyping, and intellectual dexterity.  Our team members have varied backgrounds including an expert on natural language processing, a neuroscientist, a former math teacher, and a mathematician who previously specialized in traffic flow optimization. We share common views on experimental rigor, pragmatism, and software quality.  We want someone to join us who shares our excitement at providing data services to our colleagues and customers, someone proficient with at least one general-purpose programming language and who knows its scientific stack. We want someone who can take a messy dataset and make it clean and who can take a clean dataset and make it sing. Last but not least, we want someone who's committed not only to bettering themselves but to bettering their team, someone who values and invests in knowledge share and open communication.What you'll doAs a member of the SeatGeek data science team you will take the complex issues facing the business and make them simple. We aim to find meaning in the data we have, go out and get the data we don't. We leverage technology whenever possible, and we aim to build systems that anticipate the needs of tomorrow as well as solving the problems of today.  Here are some things you might work on: Design and implement statistical tests for new KPIs in our A/B testing frameworkMine user interaction data for operational efficiencies and product improvements that could save our customers time and boost our bottom lineDeliver a talk to engineers on your favorite Scala features or a class on epistemology to the rest of the businessEstimate how adding a hundred thousand tickets to our inventory or changing how we allocate marketing resources will impact revenueUse machine learning to identify when a user has a problem before they contact usBuild a model to predict the probability a particular ticket listing will sell at a given priceWhat we're looking forYou have a passion for problem solving, experience working on open-ended projects, and a proven ability to come up with creative, elegant solutions to complex issues. Experience with specific tools is less important than aptitude and drive, but at a minimum we would expect: 3-5 years of academic or professional experience in a quantitative roleExperience translating business problems into data problems and solving themComfort turning ideas into code (bonus points for experience with Python or Scala)Commitment to creating and sharing reproducible analysisA passion for learning and teaching others Bonus points for candidates who have experience with or desire to learn any of the following: Streaming data (Reactive Extensions, Spark Streaming, Akka-streams, Kafka, RabbitMQ)AWS infrastructure (we use Redshift, S3, EMR, Kinesis, Lambda, and RDS)Building distributed software (especially on top of Spark, Hadoop, etc.) in a production environmentUtilizing applied statistics or machine learning on large, complex, noisy datasetsScaling and turning statistical models into production-ready applications such as recommender systems The Tools We UseWe do research and development work in a custom environment optimized for repeatability and collaboration. You absolutely do not need experience with all of these, but we thought you might be curious. Languages: Python for web services and product devlopment, R for analysis and prototypingDatastores: MySQL, Redshift, Elasticsearch, RedisMonitoring: Graphite/StatsDVersion control: GitPerks:A laid-back, fun workplace designed to facilitate collaboration and company wide events$120/mo to spend on live events ticketsA superb benefits package that supports health/dental/visionA focus on transparency. We have regular team lunches and Q&A panels where employees can chat openly with teams across SeatGeek, our co-founders, and external guests from the industryAnnual subscriptions to Citibike, Spotify, and meditation services Come Join Us!SeatGeek is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment regardless of race, color, religion, creed, age, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, military or veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law. As an equal opportunities employer, we recognize that diversity is a positive attribute and we welcome the differences and benefits that a diverse culture brings.      "
2494229336 0 112 3.6 "5001 to 10000 employees" "Internet" "$2 to $5 billion (USD) per year" " Ref#: R0007641  Additional Posting Location(s): Austin, Stamford Our mission.  As the world’s number 1 job site, our mission is to help people get jobs. We need talented, passionate people working together to make this happen. We are looking to grow our teams with people who share our energy and enthusiasm for creating the best experience for job seekers. The team.  We are builders, we are integrators. Business Intelligence creates and optimizes solutions for a rapidly growing business on a global scale. We work with distributed infrastructure, petabytes of data, and billions of transactions with no limitations on your creativity. With tech hubs in Seattle, San Francisco, Austin, New York, Dublin, Tokyo and Hyderabad, we are improving people's lives all around the world, one job at a time. Your job.As the Business Intelligence Manager for Finance Strategy and Analysis at Indeed, you will have a direct impact on the business by partnering with Finance on their reporting and analytic initiatives to support all business functions. You know how Finance teams work and how to empower them with data and solutions. You understand that the best managers serve their teams, removing roadblocks and giving individual contributors autonomy and ownership. You have delivered challenging technical solutions. You have led business intelligence teams and earned the respect of talented analysts. You are equally happy talking algorithms and data structures as you are brainstorming about topics such as business opportunities and career development. You want to be in the mix technically while providing leadership to your teams. As our organization grows, you will help ensure we keep the talent bar high, and grow the skills and capabilities of our team.  Responsibilities Provide technical and team leadership and management for Indeed’s Finance business intelligence team supporting the Finance Strategy and Analysis organizationLead business intelligence platform integration and maintenance, defining and building reports and dashboardsHelp boost company performance through revenue or efficiency gains, as a result of the BI Team’s effortsHave detailed knowledge of Indeed’s data, and processes - including forecastingWork closely with internal stakeholders to implement solutions that meet their needs, while making sure the priorities for your team are properly aligned to business needsCollaborate with BI leaders across Indeed to drive business performance locally and globallyEmpower members of your team to grow their skillset and advance their career goals About you.  About you.Requirements 4+ years experience leading BI teamsExperience leading cross functional teams to deliver business value through dataExperience analyzing high volumes of data for multiple purposes in a dynamic environmentTrack record in driving a data driven culture across business unitsPrevious or current Python programming experienceStrong numeracy and algebraic skillsAbility to simultaneously manage large projects and manage rapid delivery of requestsSolid understanding of data structures and algorithmsStrong ability to coach analysts, helping them improve their skills and grow their careersExperience with business intelligence tools, e.g. TableauFinance Strategy, analysis and forecasting experience a distinct advantage"
2498217759 1 89 4.8 "201 to 500 employees" "Internet" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Data-driven decision making has always been important at SeatGeek. Our Analytics team helps drive strategic decision-making by providing meaningful business insights from data. We’re looking for a Data Analyst to join our growing team who can ensure the most relevant information is surfaced to each team to allow for well informed decisions. If you’re a well-rounded, business-savvy, technically capable analyst with SQL chops and a knack for figuring out complex systems fast, we’d love to talk with you.Who you are You love digging through mounds of data, but your understanding of what is relevant and your ability to communicate results in a concise way separates you from the pack. You look forward to open discussions around the “gray” area of business decisions, but aim to narrow that area with data driven insights as much as possible. You take pride in proactively providing data, analysis and findings in a collaborative manner. You also have many of the following: 2 to 4 years of relevant experience analyzing large and complex data sets, working with relational databases and writing SQLa degree in Mathematics, Economics, Statistics or another quantitative fieldadvanced working knowledge of SQL, perhaps with a side of Python or Ra keen sense of design, both in data architecture and dashboard presentation.knowledge of the transactional marketplace business model or consumer facing e-commerce products (bonus for mobile-first!)What you’ll dohelp drive strategic decision-making through detailed analysis, insights and reporting on key performance indicators (KPIs) and financial resultsinvestigate positive and negative trends in a wide array of business processescollaborate with departments across the company to understand needs while effectively prioritizing incoming requestswork with engineers and other source data experts to clean up messy data setscontinually improve visibility into benchmarks across the companycreate and maintain world class dashboards and data models in our BI platform, Looker Job Perks A culture that places the product first. We are a technology company at heart, and are proud of the idea that great technology drives great user experienceA laid-back, fun workplace designed to facilitate collaboration and company wide events$120/mo to spend on tickets to live eventsA superb benefits package, including full health/dental/visionA focus on transparency. We have regular team lunches and Q&A panels where employees can chat openly with teams across SeatGeek, our co-founders, and external guests from the industryHackathons: scheduled times when everyone drops what they’re doing and builds cool stuff in small groups Come Join Us!SeatGeek is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment regardless of race, color, religion, creed, age, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, military or veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law. As an equal opportunities employer, we recognize that diversity is a positive attribute and we welcome the differences and benefits that a diverse culture brings."
2597660817 0 131 2.6 "51 to 200 employees" "Publishing" "$50 to $100 million (USD) per year" " SheKnows Media is a top womens lifestyle digital media company that averages 60 million unique visitors per month (comScore) and reaches more than 300 million social media fans and followers. The company operates a family of leading media properties that include SheKnows.com, BlogHer.com, STYLECASTER.com and HelloFlo.com. The Job: This position will be a key resource in the companys growing Business Intelligence & Analytics team. This role will own and lead the building, updating, and maintaining of key weekly/monthly reports and dashboards supporting the CEO, CFO, and various executive stakeholders. The role will work closely with Business Intelligence team members and other internal stakeholders to collect, validate, and visualize data from various sources. The candidate is expected to be highly proficient in Excel, able to quickly cut and dice data, and comfortable learning how new data sets relate to business concepts and objectives. As a Reporting Analyst, your role requires great attention to detail and great comfort level working with large and complex quantitative datasets. The expectation is to produce accurate and meaningful metrics to deliver high quality and actionable insights to the business. The Work:Develop, reconcile, and distribute weekly, monthly, and ad hoc reports ensuring complete accuracy.Data extraction and transposition from web-based systems (e.g. web analytics, DFP, ad server, order management, CRM, Looker, Redshift, and various other internal and external tracking and reporting UI systems) to Microsoft Excel.Visualize and report on data in accessible and meaningful ways to internal business units.Take initiative to lead prototyping and testing of automated reports from SQL data warehouse.Stay on top of new features/developments for additional data gathering opportunities.Data mining and analysis. Drawing actionable and meaning business insights from large datasets.The Fine Print:BS/BA in a quantitative or analytical field3-5 years working with data in a similar business intelligence, reporting, or analytical role.Outstanding Excel skills required.Basic knowledge of relational database concepts, SQL, and financial statements is preferred.Prior experience with some of the following tools preferred: Tableau, Looker (or other dashboarding tools), Google or Adobe Analytics, SalesForce (or other CRM platform), DFP/OAS (or other ad servers), DSM or Operative, comScore/Nielsen/Quantcast, NetSuite or other accounting softwareAble to work in a fast-paced environment and manage multiple priorities and deadlines.Strong structured problem solving, attention to detail and organizational skills.Tech savvy and able to research and recommend tools and technologies to solve problems.Ability to quickly learn new tools, concepts and reporting processes is extremely important.About Us With a mission of women inspiring women, SheKnows Media is revolutionizing the publishing industry by forging a new kind of model that seamlessly integrates users, editors and content creators onto a single platform designed to empower all women to discover, share and create. Whether its parenting or pop culture, fashion or food, DIY or décor, our award-winning editorial team, Experts, bloggers and social media influencers produce authentic and on-trend content every day. We dig deep to learn what makes our audience tick, revealing unexpected insights on women and digital media. Our robust, end-to-end suite of premium branded content and influencer marketing solutions generate nearly 1 billion ad impressions per month (sources: DFP), allowing brands to distribute authentic content and integrated advertising at scale.  SheKnows Media offers a competitive compensation and benefits package with an exciting, fresh and engaging work environment. Join us, and love where you work!"
2625550835 1 126 3.3 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Consumer Product Rental" "$100 to $500 million (USD) per year" "About Rent the Runway: Recently named #9 on CNBC's Disruptor 50 list for 2018, Rent the Runway is transforming the $2.4 trillion global fashion industry by introducing clothing rental as a utility for women. We have pioneered the closet in the cloud and believe that every person globally will soon have a subscription to fashion. Since our launch in late 2009, the company has raised more than $210 million from top-tier investors and built one of the most beloved brands on earth. We are proud to be both a profitable and high-growth business, with a loyal 9 million members who believe that rental is the future.  Our 1200+ employees have a revolutionary spirit that permeates our culture. We've built proprietary technology, a one-of-a-kind reverse logistics operation, stores of the future, a viral brand, relationships with hundreds of fashion brands - and we are obsessed with continuing to game change our customer experience.  We are also trying to revolutionize entrepreneurship itself - proving that diverse teams produce outsized impact. The Rent the Runway Foundation, which our two co-founders launched together in 2015, helps thousands of female entrepreneurs build and scale their own businesses with the mission of increasing the number of high growth women-led companies. About the Position: Rent the Runway has a complex data ecosystem that spans web and infrastructure logs, transactions and recurring subscription behavior, and tracking each inventory unit and throughput of our home grown reverse logistics rental operations.  Data systems power critical business decisions - from inventory assortment to operational efficacy, from marketing actions to personalized website features and customer experience enhancements - and we want to scale the data science function across all these vectors. In this role, you would:Mine the data ecosystem & find fruitful signalsDevelop and deploy performant algorithms powering applications Examples of applications include consumer-facing recommendation engines, inventory allocation systems, and internal apps for inventory buying and customer experienceDo bleeding-edge work including optimizing how products fit customers (unsolved as of yet), using AI techniques for inventory buying, and real-time streaming/model computations.You should have:Strong academic background in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or a related quantitative/engineering fieldExperience developing software or data products, particularly in Python, our go-to language. We also use packages like R for modeling efforts. Java is main language for our back-end systems.Passion for data and its ability to drive serious business impactAbility to work independently and take responsibility in a function that is growing in strength but is also core to the company's growth"
2738642001 1 91 3.4 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " About Cubist  Cubist Systematic Strategies is one of the world’s premier investment firms. The firm deploys systematic, computer-driven trading strategies across multiple liquid asset classes, including equities, futures and foreign exchange. The core of our effort is rigorous research into a wide range of market anomalies, fueled by our unparalleled access to a wide range of publicly available data sources. Job Description We are passionate about data. We collaborate to build elegant, effective, scalable and highly reliable solutions to empower predictive modelling in finance.  Cubist’s Data Services group is looking for a Data Analyst to join our dedicated team. Our group is responsible for the timely delivery of comprehensive and error-free data to some of the most demanding and successful systematic Portfolio Managers in the world.  This exceptional individual will be a member of a small team of Data Scientists/Analysts who play a vital role in ensuring the smooth day-to-day implementation of a large research infrastructure, and the live production trading of billions of dollars of capital across global capital markets, including equities, futures, options and other financial instruments.  Job Responsibilities Identifying potential data sourcesCoordinating with compliance team and legal team on new vendor trial/subscription processAssisting with collecting and maintaining vendor overviews and content offeringsAssisting with data questions and requests from investment teamsSetting up feed downloads and monitor check-in databaseMonitoring the automated data collection and cleansing infrastructureAssisting with scheduling meetings and conference calls between data users and expertsAssisting Data team with interoffice travel arrangements, expenses, etc.Assisting in organizing presentationsManaging data trial repository permissionsDownloading trial datasets from vendor FTP sites or other delivery mechanismAssisting Data Team with manual data processing as requiredMaintaining Cubist Data Wiki contents Desirable Candidates Bachelor degree requiredBasic understanding of SQL.Programming skills in Python and at least one of C#, C++, or Java are a plusProficient knowledge of Microsoft Outlook, Excel, and WordFinancial industry experience is preferred but not requiredStrong organization, communication and interpersonal skillsAttention to detail and a love of processStrong oral and written communication skillsAbility to exercise sound judgment in assessing and determining how to handle queries, calls and issuesAbility to multitask and prioritize assignments"
2740341305 0 93 4.1 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Health Care Services & Hospitals" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " OverviewBusiness Intelligence & Analytics Developer At Hospital for Special Surgery our clinicians and scientists collaborate to deliver the most innovative care. Our specialized focus on orthopedics and rheumatology enables us to help patients get back to what they need and love to do reliably and efficiently. Our patients are overwhelmingly satisfied with the care they receive at our facilities. When you join us, you will become part of this legacy of commitment to the most cutting-edge research and coordinated care.  The Business Intelligence Developer will primarily be responsible for the development and deployment of data warehousing solutions and Business Intelligence applications. The ideal candidate will be passionate about the field of analytics and well versed in all aspects of an enterprise-wide analytics architecture including data integration, data modeling, and master data management. ResponsibilitiesDesign, build, and support all components of a data warehouse, such as ETL processes, databases and reporting environmentsDevelop and maintain business intelligence applications including operational reports, dashboards, scorecards, and ad hoc reporting requestsDevelop and automate ETL processes that involve data cleansing, error, reconciliation handling and process monitoring utilizing Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)Design dimensional models with conformed dimensions, following the business processesUtilize SAP Business Objects in designing and building the reporting environmentCreate processes for capturing and maintaining metadataCreate system documentation and ensure it is continually sustained.Participate in the technical design and implementation of the Hospital’s enterprise wide analytics platform QualificationsQualificationsBS/MS in Computer Science or related field5+ years of professional experience, health care industry experience (preferred not required)3+ years of Programing experience (C#/.Net, Java, Python, Scala etc.)3+ years working with RDBMS (i.e. SQL Server)2+ years of experience in data warehousing with designing multi-layered data warehouses and data marts using both relational and dimensional modeling techniques2+ years of experience in integrating data both at logical & physical levels2+ years of ETL (SSIS or other tools) experienceExpertise in query optimization techniquesProven experience consolidating disparate data sets into usable dataExperience with visualization tools (e.g. Tableau)Experience with SAP tools, WebI and Universe DesignerExperience with I2B2 or OMOP models or other healthcare data models an added plusExperience with Big Data technologies (Hadoop, Spark, noSQL database) a big plusExperience with a public cloud platform (AWS, Azure) and its data analytics services a big plusExcellent oral and written communication skillsStrong interpersonal skillsElements of a Successful CandidateSelf-motivated, creative and innately curious about the world of technology and consistently introducing innovative solutions to problems.Ability to monitor and synthesize data, identify trends and insights and make recommendations based on rational thinking.Self-motivated people-oriented and energetic attitude; a positive team player who is analytical and focused on results.Demonstrated cultural competence and ability to interface with a diverse, multi-cultural population; diplomatic and discreet; socially, culturally and politically astute.Committed to improving quality and service and maintaining a spirit of cooperation and respect. Other Requirements#LI-JL1"
2741428251 0 93 4.1 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Health Care Services & Hospitals" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Business Intelligence Developer At Hospital for Special Surgery our clinicians and scientists collaborate to deliver the most innovative care. Our specialized focus on orthopedics and rheumatology enables us to help patients get back to what they need and love to do reliably and efficiently. Our patients are overwhelmingly satisfied with the care they receive at our facilities. When you join us, you will become part of this legacy of commitment to the most cutting edge research and coordinated care.  The Business Intelligence Developer will primarily be responsible for the development and deployment of data warehousing solutions and Business Intelligence applications. The ideal candidate will be passionate about the field of analytics and well versed in all aspects of an enterprise-wide analytics architecture including data integration, data modeling, and master data management. ResponsibilitiesDesign, build, and support all components of a data warehouse, such as ETL processes, databases and reporting environmentsDevelop and maintain business intelligence applications including operational reports, dashboards, scorecards, and ad hoc reporting requestsDevelop and automate ETL processes that involve error and reconciliation handling, utilizing Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)Design dimensional models with conformed dimensions, following the business processesUtilize SAP Business Objects in designing and building the reporting environmentCreate processes for capturing and maintaining metadataCreate system documentation and ensure it is continually sustained.QualificationsBS/MS in Computer Science or related field5+ years of professional experience, health care industry experience (preferred)3+ years working with RDBMS (i.e. SQL Server)2+ years of experience in data warehousing with designing multi-layered data warehouses and data marts using both relational and dimensional modeling techniques2+ years of experience in integrating data both at logical & physical levels2+ years of ETL (SSIS) experience2+ years of Report/Dashboard Visualization experience (e.g. Tableau)Programing experience preferred (C#, Java)Expertise in query optimization techniquesProven experience consolidating disparate data sets into usable dataExperience with SAP tools, WebI and Universe DesignerCertification in one or more of the Clarity data models (Optime, Anesthesia, Inpatient)Certification in Epic applications an added plusExcellent oral and written communication skillsStrong interpersonal skillsElements of a Successful CandidateSelf-motivated, creative and innately curious about the world of technology and consistently introducing innovative solutions to problems.Ability to monitor and synthesize data, identify trends and insights and make recommendations based on rational thinking.Self-motivated people-oriented and energetic attitude; a positive team player who is analytical and focused on results.Demonstrated cultural competence and ability to interface with a diverse, multi-cultural population; diplomatic and discreet; socially, culturally and politically astute.Committed to improving quality and service and maintaining a spirit of cooperation and respect.#LI-JL1"
2753907724 1 101 4.4 "10000+ employees" "Computer Hardware & Software" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" "The Analyst/Sr. Analyst, Sales Strategy & Operations professional will play a crucial role in supporting the explosive growth of Salesforce products. This role is hybrid of traditional jobs in strategic planning, sales operations, finance, and analysis – requiring a mix of market analysis, sales optimization and business operational support. This role is part of a high-performance team. Success in this role means assisting the appropriate sales group or business partner to drive the continued success of Salesforce by supporting our sales growth strategy. Sample projects range from the strategic to the very operational including evaluating worldwide market opportunities, supporting the creation of the product growth strategy, business planning, market segmentation, sales pipeline analysis and regular review of key performance metrics. Deliverables include detailed analytic models, custom performance analysis, building a scalable reporting infrastructure, and packaging findings into presentation-ready content for Salesforce executives. The role requires interaction with various areas of the organization and provides exposure to senior executives.The successful candidate will have relentless curiosity and possess a passion for creating innovative analysis to identify opportunities. Moreover, this person will excel at extracting insights from data and converting ideas to action. Responsibilities:Lead ongoing analysis of business performance to support daily operations Design and interpret key performance metrics. Deliver insights & recommendationsAssist in developing and delivering presentations for senior executivesSupport strategic initiatives including fixing weak businesses and investing in emerging marketsAssist in troubleshooting operational issues as they surface; propose changes to systems/ processes to fix root causesPrepare analysis and recommendations for strategic decision making Desired Skills/Experience:Analyst 2-3 years of experience/ Sr. Analyst 3-5 years of experienceValuable work experience focused on quantitative analysis, Excel, and logical reasoningBachelor’s degree from an accredited university. MBA a plus.Self-starter and high degree of motivation to go above and beyond the task at handExceptional problem solving skills: demonstrated ability to structure complex problems, develop solutions Strong presentation skills, especially related to building compelling PowerPoint presentationsWork experience in consulting, finance, or product management is a plusExperience with SQL, Tableau, R, Python and/or Business Objects (or similar analytical packages) a plusPosting StatementSalesforce.com and Salesforce.org are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org.Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records."
2756076638 1 96 4 "1001 to 5000 employees" "News Outlet" "$1 to $2 billion (USD) per year" "Job DescriptionWe are seeking an experienced Data Analyst to join our growing cross-functional group responsible for the data analytics, data engineering, and data science of Wirecutter. We’re pioneering a new type of service journalism and if you’re savvy and experienced in web analytics, e-commerce, affiliate marketing or any combination of the above you will have a unique opportunity to shape how we improve our readers’ lives.  This position requires both a strategic and tactical viewpoint, aided by intellectual curiosity, strong problem-solving skills, along with an understanding of user-engagement in correlation to our business metrics. You will need to collaborate and communicate effectively across a variety of internal departments; reporting and insightful analysis are in high demand across our organization. What You’ll Do:Gather requirements from project stakeholders and translate questions into useful analysis based on the goals behind the specific asks.Communicate findings effectively and translate them into recommended actions appropriate for each area of the business.Create and maintain dashboards; service additional and ad-hoc reporting and dashboarding needs.Contribute to the design and measurement of new business metrics.Support the setup and analysis of A/B and multivariate testing.Proactively analyze data to identify opportunities or potential problems with an eye for what drives business performance.Collaborate with data engineering to draft schemas and tables, improve our data reliability, refine our ETL processes, and contribute to documentation.Who You Are:2-3 years of professional experience analyzing data.BS/BA degree with a strong emphasis on statistics or equivalent experience.Experience building reports and dashboards using data visualization tools such as Looker, Tableau, or Chart.io.Strong SQL skills to query large sets of data from internal and external sources.Experience working with data from Google Analytics or other user behavior analytics platforms.Comfortable deconstructing complex and open-ended problems which may not yield a clear cut solution.Excellent verbal and written communication skills.Collaborative and be able to operate with different levels of ownership on projects with a variety of personalities and skill types.Passion for discovering interesting facts through data and sharing them with others.Interest in Wirecutter’s mission. About WirecutterFounded five years ago by journalists fed up with the time and energy it takes to shop, Wirecutter developed a simpler approach to giving buying advice: Just tell people exactly what to get in one single guide. The company’s purpose: to help people find great things, quickly and easily. Through rigorous testing, research, reporting, and whatever means necessary, we create straightforward recommendations that save readers unnecessary stress, time, and effort. We then monetize these guides by enabling our readers to easily purchase the products they are interested in.  Wirecutter was recently acquired by, and is now a subsidiary of, The New York Times Company. As part of the acquisition, The Times is investing in Wirecutter to accelerate its business through editorial category expansion, development of more robust product features, and unlocking of new revenue streams. Locations: Even with offices in New York City and Los Angeles, Wirecutter remains a highly remote culture with employees across the United States. Right now, we are eligible to hire in the following locations:  CA, CO, CT, DC, FL, GA, HI, IL, MA, ME, MI, MN, MO, NC, NH, NV, NY, OR, PA, TX, VA, or WA. Benefits and Perks:Make an impact by supporting our original, independent and deeply reported journalism.We provide competitive health, dental, vision and life insurance for employees and their familiesWe support responsible retirement planning with a generous 401(k) company match.We offer a competitive parental leave.We are committed to career development and ongoing learning, and provide employees $8,000 annually for tuition reimbursement.We have frequent panel discussions and talks by a wide variety of newsmakers and industry leaders.Join a community committed to the richness of diversity, experiences and talents in the world we cover, supported by a variety of employee resource groups. #LI-SL1 The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply.The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics."
2768375337 0 114 4.1 "501 to 1000 employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "WorldQuant develops and deploys systematic financial strategies across a variety of asset classes and global markets. We seek to produce high-quality trading signals (Alphas) through our proprietary research platform to employ trading strategies focused on exploiting market inefficiencies. Our teams work collaboratively to drive the production of Alphas and financial strategies the foundation of a sustainable, global trading platform.WorldQuants success is built on a culture that pairs academic sensibility with accountability for results. Employees are encouraged to think openly about problems, balancing intellectualism and practicality. Great ideas come from anyone, anywhere. Employees are encouraged to challenge conventional thinking and possess a mindset of continuous improvement. Thats a key ingredient in remaining a leader in any industry.Our goal is to hire the best and the brightest quantitative researchers. We value intellectual horsepower first and foremost, and people who demonstrate an exceptional talent. There is no roadmap to future success, so we need people who can help us create it. Our collective intelligence will drive us there.The Role: Research is at the core of WorldQuant. Through rigorous exploration and unconstrained thinking about how to apply data to the financial markets, our researchers are in constant search of new Alphas. We strive to understand data in ways our competitors dont believe is possible. Researchers at WorldQuant employ tested processes seeking to identify Alphas that we believe are undiscovered by the wider market. These signals are mathematical expressions of data that are used as inputs in our quantitative models.WorldQuant is seeking an exceptional individual to join the firm as a Global Macro Quantitative Analyst and help drive the build out of a new quant macro business. While prior finance experience is not required, a successful candidate must possess a strong interest in learning about finance and global markets. Candidates will have a research scientist mind-set; be a self-starter, a creative and persevering deep thinker who is motivated by unsolved challenges. A successful candidate will focus on theorizing, reasoning, and investigating how to address various aspects of trading in the macro space.Its Impact: Quant Macro is a new business line that aspires to be a strong contributor to WorldQuants continued growth and success. WorldQuant continues to diversify our unique investment platform, which is a leader amongst its peers. We desire people who are driven by new challenges and will help us in our relentless pursuit to succeed.What Youll Bring:Ph.D. or M.S. degree from a leading university in a quantitative or highly analytical field (e.g. - Electrical Engineering, Physics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Financial Engineering)Graduated at the top of your respective educational program, with excellent problem solving abilities, insight, and judgment with a strong attention to detailDemonstrated ability to program, preferably in Python, C++ or another leading languageAdvanced practitioner-level knowledge of statistical inference, machine learning, software solvers, and/or mathematical optimizationStrong communication skills; ability to express complex concepts in simple terms"
2803080962 1 107 3.3 "10000+ employees" "Membership Organizations" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " The RoleAt WeWork, data sits in the center of our business, providing insights into the effectiveness of our physical and digital product & features. We believe data brings everything together and it is the only way we make decisions.  We are seeking Data Analysts to join the Data & Analytics organization and provide insights and recommendations to drive the strategic direction for WeWorks technology teams. The Data & Analytics group performs a wide breadth of work: from analyzing space utilization via sensor data and member engagement via sentiment analysis, to optimizing our construction process and developing recommendation engines across our software products.  The ideal person for this role is highly analytical, thinks about problems in a structured way, is passionate about generating hypotheses for business problems, and is excellent at delivering actionable insights and recommendations.ResponsibilitiesWork with product, engineering, and business leaders to find opportunities to improve and enhance our technology products and business processesUse data to inform and influence the direction of product team roadmaps and inform product decisionsUse statistical and inferential methods to deepen our understanding of patterns/trends in user behavior, design experiments, and uncover new opportunitiesWork with stakeholders to formulate quantitative and measurable objectives that have an impact on the businessFormulate and refine questions, and explore data to discover meaningful relationships or insightsDeliver compelling data stories to drive awareness and understanding of metrics and experiment results Requirements3+ years of experience (5+ preferred) in quantitative analysis or data scienceSolid understanding of methods in statistical analysis (e.g., supervised/unsupervised machine learning methods, hypothesis testing, etc.)Strong analytical skills, with experience breaking down a large problem into smaller, solvable componentsSolid skills in data extraction and transformation with SQLStrong skills in data exploration, analysis, and visualization with Python or RExperience with BI and data visualization tools like Looker or TableauAbility to initiate and drive projects to completionExcellent written and verbal communication skills; with the ability to communicate the results of your work in meaningful waysStrong collaboration skills with both technical and non-technical groups Nice to HaveAdvanced degree in a quantitative field (e.g., mathematics, computer science, physics, economics, engineering, operations research, quantitative social science).Experience in product analytics, user modeling or experimentation. WeWork is the platform for creators, providing hundreds of thousands of members across the globe space, community, and services that enable them to do what they love and craft their life's work. Our mission is to build a world where people work to make a life, not just a living, and our own team members are central to that goal.  We are building software for physical space that uses data and technology at each point in the building process, such that it can make better sourcing decisions, improve its designs, build faster and smarter, and ultimately improve the lives of the people working within its buildings. Our state of the art technologies and dedication to technological innovation are key reasons why WeWork has been able to scale from operating one workspace location to more than 210 in just over eight years.  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.Apply now!"
2804526188 0 111 4.8 "201 to 500 employees" "Internet" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Ticketing is a complex, historically opaque industry with a unique set of challenges. At SeatGeek we look to open ticketing with innovative technology, thoughtful interfaces, and an above-all-else focus on our users. As a Product Manager at SeatGeek, you'll become an integral part of our development team, defining and shipping product features that shape the way people find and buy tickets to their favorite live events. What You'll Be Doing You'll work closely with our engineers and designers, helping coordinate new feature launches and ensuring that we're constantly improving our product. Specifically, you will: Envision new product features and then drive their creation, including writing feature specs, making wireframes, detailing goals, defining KPIs, and working with the design and dev team to get them into users' handsProvide UI feedback both in the design and implementation phase of a projectTriage product requests, ideas, and bug reports, and act as an ambassador for your product area to the rest of the companyObsess over product analytics, creating and monitoring product dashboards and constantly finding new insights in our user dataClearly communicate project status to all stakeholders, and take responsibility for deadlines and deliverablesRefine features and increase usage through product improvements and testingMake product decisions backed by quantitative data, mixed with your innate sense for what will delight our usersWhat We're Looking For You have a proven track record of shipping user-facing products, with at least 2+ years of product management experience. You're a curious, detail-oriented, hyper-organized self-starter who can manage a lot of information, projects, and responsibilities at once.  You have great UX and UI instincts, and can clearly express your product vision through both prose and wireframes. You obsess over the details (pixel misalignments make you cringe), while also focusing on what comes next. You have a technical background, and are comfortable making impactful decisions.  Ideally you also have expertise with a majority of the following: Web development technologies such as HTML, CSS, Javascript, PHP/Ruby/Python, and SQLMobile product developmentA design tool such as Sketch, Photoshop, or IllustratorAnalytics and/or business intelligence tools such as Looker and Google AnalyticsProject management tools like Trello, Asana, Jira, Pivotal Tracker, or GitHub IssuesGoogle Spreadsheets and/or ExcelPerks:A competitive base salary and equity stake in a well-funded growth stage companyA laid-back, fun workplace designed to facilitate collaboration and company wide events$120/mo to spend on live events ticketsA superb benefits package that supports health/dental/visionA focus on transparency. We have regular team lunches and Q&A panels where employees can chat openly with teams across SeatGeek, our co-founders, and external guests from the industryAnnual subscriptions to Citibike, Spotify, and meditation services Come Join Us!SeatGeek is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment regardless of race, color, religion, creed, age, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, military or veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law. As an equal opportunities employer, we recognize that diversity is a positive attribute and we welcome the differences and benefits that a diverse culture brings."
2815242417 0 123 3.8 "10000+ employees" "Banks & Credit Unions" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" " 114 5th Ave (22114), United States of America, New York, New York  At Capital One, were building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding.  Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good.  Product Manager, Enterprise Customer Intelligence  Enterprise Customer Intelligence is a team of product managers, data scientists and engineers who are passionate about enabling financial products that are aware and adaptive to consumers needs. We develop APIs, data platforms and tools for Capital One to develop and apply continuous customer understanding and context in all our consumer products and experiences. The Role: At Capital One, we believe deep understanding of our customers and consumers at large will help us deliver innovative customer experiences, drive differentiation in the marketplace, and simultaneously create business and consumer value.  We are looking for a technical product manager to deliver data capabilities, platform services and tools that enable product managers, developers and analysts to utilize customer context when building customer centric products that solve business problems. Accountabilities:Identify and develop new data capabilities aimed at delivering customer understanding, context and events.Prioritize and rationalize roadmap against business needs, longer term platform health and partnership needs.Oversee and coordinate the delivery and launch of API and platform tools that enable partner product teams to build data-drive products.Evangelize platform capabilities with the consumers of our services and the executives who support themCollaborate with various partner teams to inform end customer experiences based on our data capabilitiesTranslate between business requirements and technology specifications in both directions: top-down and bottom-upManage inter-team and technology dependencies to mitigate project and product risksDevelop and nurture collaborative working relationships with key internal partners including business teams, various product teams, and enterprise technology organizations.Ideal candidate has:Application of machine learning and architecture of adaptive systemsProven track record in balancing consumer outcomes, business needs and technical feasibility and delivery.Success in navigating corporate environments and startupsBasic Qualifications: - Bachelors Degree or military experience  - At least 3 years of experience in digital product management Preferred Qualifications: - Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or Engineering  - MBA or Masters degree  -At least 5 years platform tools, API, backend systems product development experience in an Agile environment  -At least 3 years experience working with data products, platforms and capabilities  -At least 3 years experience with various types of data repositories and query paradigms (relational, schema-on-read, graph, time series)  -At least 3 years experience with Knowledge management for organization, discovery and inference  -At least years experience handling of streaming data and temporal analytics  At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position."
2829836272 1 107 3.3 "10000+ employees" "Membership Organizations" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Were hiring a Senior Data Analyst to join the Marketing Data & Intelligence team in the Marketing organization at WeWork galactic headquarters in New York.Who should we be targeting and how can we provide the optimal strategies to reach these users? How do we optimize the marketing message to achieve performance goals? How can we use data to increase consumer value? Where can we identify additional opportunities for growth? How can we maintain consistent infrastructure globally as we rapidly grow?These are just some of the questions that a senior data analyst on the Marketing Intelligence team at WeWork will answer. The ideal candidate should be highly analytical and have a strong technical skill-set, with solid experience in a data extraction language (such as SQL) and experience working in the Salesforce environment.Responsibilities:Ensure marketing campaign funnels and customer behavior flows are tagged and tracked accurately for reporting and analysis purposesSet up standard processes, data infrastructure, operational best practices across global marketing organizationAnalyze data, identify trends, implement optimizations on a day to day basis across digital and offline marketing channels, building dashboards and delivering timely reports to support analysesDevelop recommendations for changes to investment and marketing strategy, optimize the efficacy of marketing spend based on quantitative analysesSupport product marketing, sales enablement, growth acquisition, and marketing automation seements on data needs and insightsImplement technology in order to analyze sales funnel, lifetime value based on customer segmentationQualifications:Strong quantitative, analytical, and problem solving skills4+ years experience within business/marketing/data analytics3+ years of hands-on data engineering experience in data modeling and database design, building flexible schemas, analytic data models and warehousesWorking with relational databases; experience with AWS services strongly preferred (S3, Redshift)Coding in Python, Java and writing complex SQLDeveloping and maintaining scalable data pipelines, ingesting data from a variety of source systems including CRM, media platforms, and othersExperience working in the Salesforce environment, understanding business products, journey flow and terminologyExpertise in a query language such as SQL or equivalentExperience working with various digital advertising platforms, including but not limited to AdWords, Facebook, Google AnalyticsExperience in reporting on customer insights and LTV analysisWorking knowledge in Google Tag ManagerWorking knowledge of ad trafficking/ad serving platforms including but not limited to Doubleclick etc.Ability to manage multiple projects and deliver against aggressive deadlinesMasters Degree in Statistics, Marketing Analytics, or other Quantitative fields is highly preferableStrong work ethic and intellectual curiosity, with laser focus on execution"
2849832848 0 127 3.6 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Internet" "$500 million to $1 billion (USD) per year" " About the role:  All of our work in Data Science is directed at building software solutions that enhance the marketing activity of the company by using Machine Learning and advanced statistical methods. This means understanding the customer, figuring out who they are, what they want and how to get their attention. Critically, we build systems that do this autonomously.  What you’ll do: You will work with large, complex data sets. Solve hard problems using advanced statistical and Machine Learning techniques. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.You will prototype and productionise Machine Learning pipelines to provide a solution to large commercial impact problems, particularly in the Digital Marketing space, that keep Farfetch ahead of the competition.You will collaborate with other Scientists and Engineers to build efficient data products. Identify opportunities for, design, and assess improvements to Farfetch products.You will research and develop analysis, forecasting, and optimization methods to improve the quality of Farfetch's Digital Marketing activity; including paid search, behavioral modeling, and live experiments.You will be part of our first Data Science team in the United States, working closely with our established Data Science teams in London (UK) and Porto (PT). Who you are: You are experienced with at least 3-5 years in an advanced Engineering and Data Science role, preferably in the adtech space.You are a MS degree holder in a quantitative discipline (e.g., computer science, economics, mathematics, statistics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering).You are fluent in Python, Java, C++ or similar object oriented programming language. Experience developing production software is a bonus.You have applied experience with Machine Learning on large datasets. Experience in Bayesian Inference and Reinforcement Learning is a bonus.You are experienced with distributed computing (e.g., Hive/Hadoop, Spark).You are a passport holder for infrequent trips to Europe."
2857696923 0 105 3.9 "10000+ employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" " MORE ABOUT THIS JOBAbout Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs is global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. We provide a wide range of services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, institutional investors, governments, non-profit organizations and high net worth individuals. Our headquarters are in New York and we maintain significant offices in London, Bangalore, Mumbai, Tokyo, Hong Kong and other financial centers around the world. About Global Investment Research Global Investment Research division (GIR) delivers value-added research to clients in the equity, fixed income, currency and commodities markets and develops global client-focused research in economics, portfolio strategy, derivatives and equity and credit securities. Our clients use these insights and investment ideas to develop their strategies. About GIR Data Strategy GIR data strategists contribute to our clients’ investment process through quantitative analysis and systematic solutions. We work directly with the full spectrum of macro and equity research analysts across the globe and interact directly with clients. We also collaborate with colleagues across other areas of the firm, including the Securities Division, the Data Intelligence Office, and Technology.RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONSJob Responsibilities We are looking for innovators and problem-solvers, creative collaborators who evolve, adapt to change and thrive in a fast-paced global environment. Successful candidates will utilize their strong quantitative, engineering and communication skills to work with research analysts and colleagues in other divisions to address client needs. Responsibilities include:Contribute to the development of the strategic data architecture to best position GIR to execute business opportunities for the firm and for our clientsDrive the evolution of how GIR delivers data to internal and external stakeholders, including GIR’s contribution to the Marquee Data Services effortLeverage data initiatives and collaborate with engineers across the firm and adapt firmwide data initiatives to GIR’s needsQuantitative analysis, including alpha assessment, risk analysis, portfolio construction and return attribution to enhance investment strategies using GIR sourced and external data, including alternative data sourcesSkills and ExperienceIndividually motivated and possess sound judgement, integrity, and a solid work ethicDegree in Financial Engineering, Computer Science, or a related fieldStrong quantitative and problem solving skills with focus on the ability to formulate hypotheses and test themStrong knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and design patternsStrong coding skills using modern languages e.g. Java, Python, C++Knowledge of financial modeling, portfolio analysis and risk modelingStrong communication skills and the ability to work in a global teamExperience with SQL, R, pandas, website development, REACT, Highcharts, D3, Big data, MongoDB is a plus ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHSThe Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world.© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2018. All rights reserved Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet.\",\"datePosted\":\"2018-06-19T00:00:00.000Z\",\"title\":\"GIR, Data Strategy, Analyst/Associate - New York\",\"occupationalCategory\":\"Global Investment Research\",\"@context\":\"http://schema.org\",\"url\":\"https://uscareers-goldmansachs.icims.com/jobs/46494/gir%2c-data-strategy%2c-analyst-associate---new-york/job\"}Please Enable Cookies to Continue Please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job. Welcome pageReturning Candidate? Log back in! GIR, Data Strategy, Analyst/Associate - New York Location(s)  US-NY-New York Job ID 2018-46494 Schedule Type  Full Time  Level  Associate  Function(s)  Investment Research  Region  Americas  Division  Global Investment Research  Business Unit  Global Equity Research  Employment Type  EmployeeMORE ABOUT THIS JOBAbout Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs is global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. We provide a wide range of services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, institutional investors, governments, non-profit organizations and high net worth individuals. Our headquarters are in New York and we maintain significant offices in London, Bangalore, Mumbai, Tokyo, Hong Kong and other financial centers around the world. About Global Investment Research Global Investment Research division (GIR) delivers value-added research to clients in the equity, fixed income, currency and commodities markets and develops global client-focused research in economics, portfolio strategy, derivatives and equity and credit securities. Our clients use these insights and investment ideas to develop their strategies. About GIR Data Strategy GIR data strategists contribute to our clients’ investment process through quantitative analysis and systematic solutions. We work directly with the full spectrum of macro and equity research analysts across the globe and interact directly with clients. We also collaborate with colleagues across other areas of the firm, including the Securities Division, the Data Intelligence Office, and Technology.RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONSJob Responsibilities We are looking for innovators and problem-solvers, creative collaborators who evolve, adapt to change and thrive in a fast-paced global environment. Successful candidates will utilize their strong quantitative, engineering and communication skills to work with research analysts and colleagues in other divisions to address client needs. Responsibilities include:Contribute to the development of the strategic data architecture to best position GIR to execute business opportunities for the firm and for our clientsDrive the evolution of how GIR delivers data to internal and external stakeholders, including GIR’s contribution to the Marquee Data Services effortLeverage data initiatives and collaborate with engineers across the firm and adapt firmwide data initiatives to GIR’s needsQuantitative analysis, including alpha assessment, risk analysis, portfolio construction and return attribution to enhance investment strategies using GIR sourced and external data, including alternative data sourcesSkills and ExperienceIndividually motivated and possess sound judgement, integrity, and a solid work ethicDegree in Financial Engineering, Computer Science, or a related fieldStrong quantitative and problem solving skills with focus on the ability to formulate hypotheses and test themStrong knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and design patternsStrong coding skills using modern languages e.g. Java, Python, C++Knowledge of financial modeling, portfolio analysis and risk modelingStrong communication skills and the ability to work in a global teamExperience with SQL, R, pandas, website development, REACT, Highcharts, D3, Big data, MongoDB is a plusABOUT GOLDMAN SACHSThe Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world.  © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2018. All rights reserved Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet. OptionsApplyApplyEmail a FriendEmail a Friend"
2859045410 0 84 4 "201 to 500 employees" "Enterprise Software & Network Solutions" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " Flatiron Health has built a unified data set that is unparalleled in its depth and accuracy and gives our partners the capability to ask questions about data that weren't answerable until now. Our Quantitative Sciences team answers these questions.  We are looking for team members who are excited to make an immediate impact in a critical space. This position requires outstanding problem-solving, analytical and communication skills; experience with multitasking and prioritizing; and the tenacity to execute against deliverables in a timely, high-quality fashion. You will collaborate with a team of account directors, oncologists, product managers, and software engineers to help develop, commercialize, and deliver our analytics products.  Working in a rapidly expanding business, you will be consistently challenged to partner with Flatiron colleagues to answer important questions in cancer research. Responsibilities:Become a subject matter expert on our data and its capabilitiesTransform real-world clinical data into actionable insights using robust statistical methods and compelling data visualizations in formats accessible to a wide range of end usersWork with a cross-functional team to define and clarify analytic requirements, develop analysis plans, ensure data quality standards, and create publication-ready methods and resultsGenerate ideas for analyses to shape future projects, contributing to a pipeline of opportunities that will help Flatiron achieve its ambitious growth goalsRequirements:You hold a Bachelor's or Master's degree in a quantitative discipline, such as biostatistics, epidemiology, applied statistics, or health economics, or equivalent experienceYou have 1-3 years of relevant work experience analyzing real-world clinical dataYou love working with data and have experience exploring data with a critical and thoughtful eyeYou are proficient in a statistical programming language (we primarily use R, but are open to people with experience in any language)You are an effective communicator, both oral and writtenYou are self-motivated and flexible, thrive in highly uncertain situations, and enjoy coming up with elegant and innovative solutions to challenging problemsYou are a \"do-er\"-- you know how to balance attention to detail with execution against tight timelinesYou are passionate about our mission to improve healthcare through technologyYou are a highly-effective collaborator and are motivated by the opportunity to work with oncologists, software engineers, product managers, and other members of the Flatiron teamBonus Points:Oncology experienceConsulting experienceExperience working with longitudinal EMR data"
2883287151 0 131 4 "201 to 500 employees" "IT Services" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Do YOU have a passion for working with Data? Do you love working in machine learning, real-time analytics, or Big Data? Interested in learning and utilizing different technologies without limitation? We are looking for a Data Expert that will help our clients evaluate and implement big data and advanced analytics solutions in the Cloud and on-premise. At Clarity Insights, we specialize in providing Data & Analytics expertise that result in real and measurable business outcomes. We are passionate about data, problem solving and driving value to make a difference with our clients. Clarity Insights is the largest independent professional services firm focused exclusively data analytics solutions. Our Data Science service line has one vision: to drive better business outcomes through data and analytics. We provide data analytics advisory and solution delivery consulting services. We believe that nothing sells like great delivery, and are committed to our people and client delivery excellence. With continuing, aggressive growth plans for the next five years, Clarity is seeking outstanding data analytics leaders to successfully qualify, propose, close and lead client solution delivery.As a Principal Data Scientist at Clarity Insights, you will fully understand the requirements of our client and will be working with a variety of data sources which may include big data and utilize advanced Machine Learning techniques. You will lead all aspects of the development of project deliverables including Machine Learning solutions, analytical architecture, and organizational impact. You will effectively and accurately scope customer facing projects and identify/position follow-on work at customers and with stakeholders. The Principal Data Scientist should be able to individually solve problems of higher complexity and assist and guide/mentor more junior resources through their experience in problem resolution. They should be able to understand complex business problems, design a solution that can integrate multiple data sources and analyze data using a variety of common analytical tools and statistical techniques. The Principal Data Scientist should be able to create and direct high quality presentations of findings in compelling manner to business and non-technical audience. They should be able to conceptualize the design and oversee the development of Machine Learning solutions on Cloud environments like AWS, Azure of Google Cloud Platforms. The position requires a team player that seeks to supplement their skills through the use of project experience, self-study, and ongoing training.Required Qualifications8+ years of professional work experience implementing full lifecycle solutions with data warehousing, data integration, advanced analytics or business intelligence8+ years recent hands-on experience working with data mining tools (i.e. R, Python, SAS or SPSS)Advanced SQL skills working with RDBMS's such as Oracle, DB2, Greenplum, or TeradataExperience wrangling and cleansing data from multiple sourcesMinimum of 2 years of experience with Regression techniques (Logistic, Linear, Non-Linear) and tree-based learning models (classification). In addition to these modeling techniques, experience with 2 or more additional modeling techniques (i.e. Time Series Analysis, Text Analytics, Random Forest, Clustering, Linear programming, Support Vector Machines, Naive Bayes, Neural Networks, Auto-encoders, General Adversarial Networks, Principal Component Analysis, Markov Decision Process, etc) is requiredExperience working with 1 or more data visualization tools like Tableau, PowerBI, Rshiny, GGPlot, Qlik, Alteryx, Flask, D3, etc used to tell the data storyAbility to work independently with client executives and/or business sponsors to understand the business problem and identifying the approach to solving the business problem using advanced analytic techniquesMinimum of 1-2 years of professional work experience with data mining on big data platforms (i.e. Hadoop, Spark or Vertica) is requiredMinimum of 1-2 years implementing solutions in a cloud environment (AWS, Azure or Google)Prior experience leading technical teams of data scientists/engineers at various levels where you were responsible for providing project estimates for your work stream and assigning tasks to other team membersExcellent written and oral communication skills; must be capable of effectively articulating technical concepts to executive level and business audiencesMust have an undergraduate (BS) or postgraduate (MS/Ph.D.) degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Econometrics, Operations Research, Industrial Engineering or equivalent work experience AND a minimum of 8 years of professional work experiencePrior experience working as a management consultant where you worked as a team contributor with colleagues to solve client business problems Prior experience with creating intellectual property and thought leadership by publishing white papers, presentations, blogs and internal collateral Prior experience supporting the practices with pre-sales support developing the state of work, writing proposals, participate in oral presentations and responding to request for proposals (RFP)National travel to the client on a weekly basis is expected. Normal schedule is M-Th weekly travel to client location is requiredWhy Clarity Insights, Why Consulting and Why Now?We dont try to be everything to everybody all the time. We specialize in Data & Analytics and will remain a platform and tool agnostic company so you can grow technically throughout your career. It sounds ridiculous but you actually need to be 100% technical and 100% business with strategy because we dont hire non-communicative robots who have a one size fits all approach. We often could speak to a CFO or Head of Underwriting about a business or finance problem, and based on the need for real-time and affordable scalability, we can outline in terms they can understand why they should think about a cloud solution for big data and analytics. If we step across to the DevOps lab, we can easily pick up on a conversation about Apache committers, OSF, full stack development, microservices, containers and much more. Were not trying to boil the ocean. We want to grow from 400 people to 1700 people in 4 years to take the market an accessible set of consulting skills. We have a lot of fun together. Most people join here and stay here for the people. That said, we are popular so we do rack up some travel miles. I have a million things to share about why that may change and why that must stay the same for now, but heres a suggestion if you LOVE Cloud Computing for Big Data and/or Advanced Analytics, Machine Learning, etc we should talk. Clarity Insights is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity.GLDR#LI-NT1"
2907798529 1 113 4.7 "201 to 500 employees" "Enterprise Software & Network Solutions" "$25 to $50 million (USD) per year" " The Data team works closely with our product, customer success, and sales teams; we help ask questions the right way… and then find those answers. Our data informs us of the impact we are having on the world, and our team is crucial to architecting and building our data infrastructure. We also design and use data analysis tools that increase our data’s scalability, accuracy, and accessibility. We understand our company’s goals and proactively inform their direction with data so that our product can help more teams do great things. We are looking for the first New York-based Data Scientist, who will collaborate closely with both New York product teams and the rest of the Data team, based in San Francisco. Typical responsibilities:Designing and analyzing experiments to measure the impact of new product featuresInvestigating high-level questions like “What are the collaborative patterns of the most successful teams using Asana?”Adding new metrics and aggregations to our data warehouse to make new classes of questions answerableBuilding models to predict the growth trajectory of different customer segmentsRequirements:3+ years of experience in applying data science techniques to drive technical product development and decision-makingStrong technical background in computer science, statistics, math, information science, or another quantitative fieldFluency in at least one modern language useful for data processing (e.g. Python, Scala)Proficiency with relational data modeling and SQLExpertise in statistical methods and experimental design and analysisDesirable:Familiarity with distributed data processing systems (e.g. Spark, Redshift)Background in advanced statistical modeling (e.g. GLM, mixed effects) and/or machine learningExperience collaborating with teammates in other locations Does the above sound like it might be you? Then we’d love to hear from you. Our goal is to provide a hiring and working experience in which all people know they are equally respected and valued. So whatever it is that makes you unique—your gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, age, citizenship, educational background, socioeconomic status—we value it, and we’d love to see what you might add to our team.Asana named a 2019 Best Place to Work in NYChttps://asa.na/62f"
2913277319 0 93 3.1 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Consulting" "$100 to $500 million (USD) per year" " Job:  Business Analyst Location: New York, NY Capabilities: Process & BAAdditional Locations:Travel Requirements: Job Number: JO-1808-9237 Share  | |Email this jobCELEBRATE YOUR PERSONALITY AND TEAM SPIRIT.GROW THROUGH YOUR CHOICES.MAKE YOUR MARK. North Highland has a mantra: Unleash Potential Together. For our clients, it means we challenge thinking and build capabilities, so that after each engagement, they are left stronger and inspired to do more. With our colleagues, it means fostering an environment where bringing, shaping, growing and sharing ideas isn’t just encouraged—it’s expected. And within our communities, it means we give of our skills, time and passion to make them more prosperous.  At North Highland, Strategy Consulting helps our clients determine where they should go by designing customized strategies to generate in-year returns and drive innovation, while Management Consulting helps our clients determine how to get there with a focus on process design, change management and project prioritization. Our Delivery Consulting enables our clients to get where they are going by executing on key operational PM, BA, Product and Change Management initiatives.  Within our firm we have a growing competency called Delivery Consulting. This is the team that makes the motor run for our clients with an emphasis on execution work focused on implementing the critical work the client needs, not meeting sales targets for the firm. North Highland offers a wide range of Delivery Consulting work from a single role-based opportunity to delivering complex initiatives as part of larger team. We offer a competitive compensation model designed centered around earned-hour pay. The measurement of a Delivery Consultant’s work is based on the efficacy of the work-product they provide – it’s that simple – and they are able to create and grow their skills in the fields that interest them most. Delivery Consultants talk less and do more, using their talents – of ingenuity, divergent thinking and relentless determination – to build products and services that speak for themselves.  This is a Business Analyst role with responsibility for leading our clients' efforts in implementing multiple IT project initiatives. Job FunctionsWork cross-functionally with key business partners to help establish strategic goals and objectives, project objectives, and set expectations on functional scopeFacilitate meetings with project stakeholders to determine project and application requirementsAnalyze the organization's business model and define its policies and market approachesElicitation of business and user requirements needed to conduct current state analysisReview user stories, system requirements, business rules, and scenario documentation to verify they meet business requirementsDesign business process to articulate functional specifications and standardize the organization's workflowsAnalyze systems and understand business rules required for IT project initiativesSupport development of project plans, project implementation, and post-implementation supportManage stakeholder needs and expectations, and communicate effectively for ongoing project progress visibilityAttend daily scrums to ensure project roadmap is on track and proper organizational alignment is in placeDetermine a prioritization of functional scope and work with delivery teams to set Agile sprint plans and release schedulesResponsible for backlog grooming and reporting, defect management, and risk monitoringQualifications3+ years of experience in business analysis, system analysis and design, or infrastructure design/development/supportProven experience in a lead role with the ability to mentor/coach teamLarge, enterprise project experience ranging in size from $1million+Agile Delivery - user story development and backlog groomingExperience working with C-Suite and communicating cross-functionallyHighly motivated and driven with ability to think strategically and take on initiativesAble to work in fast-pace, changing environmentAttention to detail and proven analytical skillsAbility to collaborate with both internal and external partnersRequirements GatheringMeeting FacilitationProcess DesignVersionOne, Rally, RTC or Jira experienceBachelor's degree requiredCBAP Preferred North Highland is a global management consulting firm known for helping clients solve their most complex challenges related to customer experience, performance improvement, technology and digital, and transformation. We add value and support our clients across the full spectrum of consulting, from strategy through delivery. We bring the big ideas, then we make them real. North Highland is an employee-owned firm, headquartered in Atlanta, GA, with more than 3,000 consultants worldwide and 60+ offices around the globe. The firm is a member of Cordence Worldwide (www.cordenceworldwide.com), a global management consulting alliance. For more information, visit northhighland.com and connect with us on LinkedIn, Twitter and Facebook.  North Highland is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and welcomes all qualified applicants. Applicants will receive fair and impartial consideration without regard to race, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status, genetic data, or other legally protected status."
2915385011 0 140 3.7 "201 to 500 employees" "Health Care Services & Hospitals" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Job Title: Data Scientist Location: New York Salary Range: We provide competitive compensation packages, including equity for all employees. Who We Want: Are you an experienced and hands-on Data Scientist with 2 or more years of experience in an operational Data Science role?  Are you familiar with the entire life cycle of a data science project, from data modeling, exploration, model selection, evaluation, and deployment?  Do you have strong SQL, Python (Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Scikit-learn), and R (dplyr, tidyverse, ggplot) skills?  Do you have your M.Sc. or Ph.D in computer science, engineering, statistics, computational linguistics, or other quantitative field or relevant equivalent professional experience?  Read Further!  Phreesia is looking for an experienced Data Scientist with very strong analytical and technical skills to join our growing Data Science Team in New York. We are looking for someone with an understanding of and demonstrable experience using statistical principles to communicate results (experimental design, a/b testing and other frameworks). This individual will collaborate with Data Scientists and Data Engineers to propose, test, validate, evaluate, and deploy Machine Learning Models. You will be joining a team of especially smart, humorous, quick-witted, and dedicated coworkers, all passionate about data and improving patient access to healthcare. You will be responsible for building data products for internal consumption, near real-time business intelligence tools, and predictive models. We are looking for someone with years of experience partnering with business stakeholders, translating their needs into technical solutions and answers, and then building and delivering those solutions. What You Will Do:Leverage Phreesia's massive and ever-growing dataset to build data products that provide actionable business insightsPropose new Machine Learning models to improve our existing products, as well as devise and build models for new opportunitiesNavigate and use diverse machine learning stacks in (e.g. Python, R, Keras) and make good decisions about which to use to solve a problem.Use NLP techniques to parse, process and structure textual dataQuickly prototype ideas and solve complex problems by adapting creative approaches.Build customized dashboards for internal and external clients.Ensure new projects are tracked properly throughout their life cycle.Write clean, well-tested, code that will stand the test of time.Be an expert communicator: You could summarize your daily progress in a tweet.Nice to have:Hands-on experience and understanding of Graph and/or search Databases (e.g. neo4j, elasticsearch) is a plusHealthcare experience and a basic understanding of clinical terms is a plusExperience building knowledge graphs and representations is a plusHands on experience using Apache Spark in a professional contextWho We Are: At Phreesia, we're committed to helping healthcare organizations succeed in a fast-changing landscapeand we need smart, passionate people to help us do it. Our innovative SaaS platform offers our clients a suite of applications to manage the intake process, giving them the tools to engage patients, improve efficiency, optimize staffing and enhance clinical care. Our solutions are in all 50 states, and we check in 70 million patients a year!  Basically, what you are doing here matters and hard work does not go unnoticed. Not only does Phreesia care about our clients we also care about our employees. We are proud to say that we have grown 40% each year and consistently continue to do so. If you crave working with driven and engaged colleagues, a structured sales process, consistent recognition, defined career path, and enjoy working in revamped new areas, this may be the right opportunity for you. Benefits and Perks:Variety of health plan options, dental/vision coverage, and short/long-term and life insurance plan401(k) savings planFlexible working hoursUnlimited vacationUnlimited snacks and drinks in our officesMobile phone stipends, monthly subway pass reimbursement and internet reimbursement100% paid maternity leave to our U.S. employees, as well as a generous maternity benefit to our employees in CanadaTuition and certification reimbursement as well as other professional development opportunitiesWe strive to provide a diverse and inclusive environment and are an equal opportunity employer.Be sure to check out our Instagram @PhreesiaCareers and Facebook Page: https://www.facebook.com/PhreesiaCareers/"
2917082343 0 103 3.6 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Computer Hardware & Software" "$1 to $2 billion (USD) per year" " The Professional Services Consultant performs analysis, designs and develops (full lifecycle) reporting and business intelligence solutions as well as delivers technical training on Jaspersoft’s software. Ability to effectively communicate instruction both verbally and writtenAbility to travel to client locations up to 70% of scheduleWork independently at client sites and home office locationsAbility to identify and respond to client issuesExhibit sound judgment in escalation of client issuesParticipate in pre-sales activities and internal development projectsPossess combination of technical and client management skills."
2930262504 0 80 2.9 "501 to 1000 employees" "Internet" "$100 to $500 million (USD) per year" " As a Business Analyst at IAS you will join an ambitious, close-knit team responsible for producing client insights and internal business intelligence used to drive decision making at all levels of the organization. Your role will primarily concentrate on our DSP product offerings and be responsible for all aspects of data quality, analysis and business analytics. Responsibilities:Propose and develop solutions independently and in collaboration with others to: collect disparate external and internal data sources,aggregate structured and unstructured data repositories,process the data to form a fluent data model, andgenerate insight into a multi-million-dollar product lineDiscover actionable insights from data and present them through rich visualizationProduce insights that fuel strategic initiatives in corporate strategy, product development, and lead generationImmerse in frequent collaboration with leadership in Sales, Marketing, and Product as well as with our Executive teamWhat you bring: 3-5 years of experience in an analytical roleStrategic, innovative thinker with an interest in the ad tech and media industryA go-getter mentality and the desire to take ownership of your project roadmapPassion for using data to make well-informed business decisionsAbility to clearly and efficiently communicate ideasAffinity for high-paced, dynamic environmentsAbility to analyze complex data modelsStrong project management skillsEager to contributeHigh proficiency in SQL, Excel, and a data visualization software. PowerBI is a plus. Education:Bachelor's Degree in mathematics, statistics, finance, economics, computer science, or a related math-centric disciplineAbout Integral Ad Science Integral Ad Science (IAS) is a global technology and data company that builds verification, optimization, and analytics solutions to empower the advertising industry to effectively influence consumers everywhere, on every device. We solve the most pressing problems for brands, agencies, publishers, and technology companies by verifying that every impression has the opportunity to be effective, optimizing towards opportunities to consistently improve results, and analyzing digital's impact on consumer actions. Built on data science and engineering, IAS is headquartered in New York with global operations in ten countries. Our growth and innovation have been recognized in Inc. 500, Crain's Fast 50, Forbes America's Most Promising Companies, and I-COM's Smart Data Marketing Technology Company. IAS was also named to Crain's Best Places to Work in NYC for four years running, Great Companies to Work For in NYS, and AdAge's list of Best Places to Work in the US. To learn more about us, please visit www.integralads.com or http://bit.ly/glassdoorIASEqual Opportunity EmployerIAS is an equal opportunity employer, committed to our diversity and inclusiveness. We will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, nationality, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, disability or age. We strongly encourage women, people of color, members of the LGBTQIA community, people with disabilities and veterans to apply. Attention agency/3rd party recruiters: IAS does not accept any unsolicited resumes or candidate profiles. If you are interested in becoming an IAS recruiting partner, please send an email introducing your company to recruitingagencies@integralads.com. We will get back to you if there's interest in a partnership#LI-SK2"
2940617392 1 93 3.7 "501 to 1000 employees" "Internet" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Senior Data Integrity Analyst Squarespace is looking for Senior Data Integrity Analyst to join the newly created Data Integrity organization. As a member of this new organization you will be engaging with business and technology SMEs in creating and executing procedures leading to improving our overall data handling and assuring that data is fit for purpose. In your day-to-day, you'll be working closely with data engineers and data scientists, as well as Finance and Compliance, Marketing and Product Leads.  You'll be reporting to Data Integrity Lead. Position is located in New York City. RESPONSIBILITIESLead creation and management of company wide Data DictionaryIdentify and train business and technical partners: Data Owners and StewardsAnalyze data related business and technical needs, elicit and document requirements related to data integration from source systems to target data warehouse capabilities (i.e. ETL tools, ODS, EDW, etc.), data marts, data analytics tools and information delivery solutionsDocument business and technical requirements related to data mapping and ETL requirements and related data lineage and requirements traceabilityDefine test cases and scripts that correspond to business requirements along with test planning and execution supportPartner with the Data Architect, responsible for building a formal description of the data and data structures, including data definitions, data models, data flow diagramsDevelop and enforce methods and validation mechanisms for ensuring data qualityIdentify causes of poor data quality, implement solutions and communicate findings.Identify and ensure the resolution of data quality issues, such as uniqueness, consistency, and completeness in a cost-effective and timely fashion.QUALIFICATIONSRelevant experience as a business analyst for technical projectsHands-on Data Analysis skills using SQL.Understanding of business intelligence / data warehousing technologiesPreferably strong knowledge data models/modeling and ability to apply models to newly developed data warehouse and related tools and processesExcellent verbal and written communication skills, capable of presenting complex issues in a clear, concise and persuasive manner to business and technical professionals.PERKSHealth insurance with 100% premium coveredFlexible vacation & paid time offUp to 18 weeks of parental leaveEquity plan401(k) plan with employer matchFree lunch and snacksSquarespace sends engineers to speak at and attend the most relevant and impactful conferences throughout the yearDog-friendly workplaceEducation reimbursementABOUT SQUARESPACE Squarespace makes beautiful products to help people with creative ideas succeed. By blending elegant design and sophisticated engineering, we empower millions of people from individuals and local artists to entrepreneurs shaping the world's most iconic businesses to share their stories with the world. Squarespace's team of more than 800 is headquartered in downtown New York City, with offices in Dublin and Portland. For more information, visit www.squarespace.com/about. Today, more than a million people around the globe use Squarespace to share different perspectives and experiences with the world. Not only do we embrace and celebrate the diversity of our customer base, but we also strive for the same in our employees. At Squarespace, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace."
2959975032 0 82 4.6 "201 to 500 employees" "Advertising & Marketing" "$25 to $50 million (USD) per year" "Kepler executes engineered marketing, where every message and ad delivered helps create a more personalized and productive relationship between brands and their consumers. We do this by acting as clients' agency of record, as their in-house team, or some hybrid of the two and by harnessing data and technology across all paid digital media and data-driven CRM channels.Kepler prides itself on being a great place to work.We're transparent with our employees. You'll hear updates on company financials, how we're performing against bonus goals, and how we're responding to challenges we face.We're growing. For you, that means unparalleled growth opportunities and a role in shaping the direction of the company.We're fun. You'll work with and learn from the smartest people in the industry and have a blast doing it.The Marketing Analytics Analyst plays a critical role in ensuring client and company success, measuring digital campaign performance, developing deep insights to drive performance, and designing sophisticated testing plans.  This is exciting, entry-level position requires strong quantitative skills, a technical mindset, and a desire to be part of a tightly-knit team that's out to change the industry. Expect to learn A LOT about cool technologies, digital media, and marketing strategy quickly. What You Will Do:Measure impact of digital media channels and develop reporting dashboards for 1-2 brandsPartner with clients and internal teams to understand business and marketing goals, leveraging analytics to advance these goalsManage data entry into data visualization platform (i.e. Datorama) and any back-end functionality, in addition to designing client-facing reportingDevelop client insights and strategy reportsDesired Skills and Experience:Bachelor's degree with background in business/statistics/math/engineeringStrong analytical skills, and comfort with MS Excel, data analysis and internet technologiesStrong interest and/or experience in marketing and data science, ideally in digital media (including display, mobile, social and search)Excellent listening and communication skills with strong ability to create and build relationshipsAbility to self-manage, juggle multiple priorities, and pay strong attention to detailsAbility to contribute to fast-paced, entrepreneurial, team-based environment*Please note that, at this time and for this position, we cannot accommodate current or future sponsorship needs for US work authorization.*"
2961324129 1 94 4.2 "201 to 500 employees" "Hotels, Motels, & Resorts" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "HotelTonight makes it remarkably easy to book great hotels at amazing last-minute rates on your mobile device, for tonight, tomorrow and beyond. Our goal is to be the premier and most loved way to book a place to stay and we’re looking for a Data Analyst to help do just that.As a Data Analyst on the Data & Strategy team, you’ll be part of a team that is focused on just that - using data to drive strategy. You’ll work closely with functions across the company (Marketing, Customer Experience, Finance, Supply and Product), and own and lead projects from end-to-end. You’ll dive into complex datasets to analyze trends, identify opportunities and quantify the potential value of new initiatives.Check out this post to learn more about how the D&S team empowers the company to make smarter decisions based on data.WITHIN 1 MONTH, YOU WILLExecute basic analysis and take responsibility for a portion of the analytics roadmapFamiliarize yourself with HotelTonight data structure and tablesWrite SQL queries to extract data from the data warehouseBuild strong relationships with teams across the company to understand business objectives and opportunitiesWITHIN 3 MONTHS, YOU WILLEstablish a solid cadence for priorities and communicationQuickly deliver actionable insights and recommendations around key business questions to stakeholders and senior leadershipConceptualize and build tools and dashboards, enabling teams to access data and draw insights in a self-serve mannerWITHIN 12 MONTHS, YOU WILLProvide strategic, proactive recommendations and become a thought leader for your projectsOwn and lead projects across different functional areas and become familiar with how one function will impact othersWHAT YOU'LL NEED TO BE SUCCESSFUL IN THIS ROLE2+ years experience in applied analytics - you love data, gleaning insights from data, and making decisions based on dataAbility to extract, manipulate, and analyze data sets in SQL and understand basic statisticsExcellent communication and presentation skills - effectively presenting insights is as important as the insights themselvesAnalyze data to uncover new business and product opportunitiesExperience with advanced visualization tools like Tableau and prior Marketing/Finance analytics experience a plusWHAT YOU'LL GET FROM USAn official Best Place to Work as listed in the SF Business Times (2 years running!)The opportunity to define mobile commerce and change the way people book travelA people-focused organization dedicated to making sure you're challenged, learning, growing, and recognized for all the great work you doThe camaraderie of a driven, agile team that is building something disruptiveExcellent health, dental, vision and 401k plans, and stock options tooFun stuff - quarterly travel stipend, flexible time off, subsidized cell phone plans and fitness memberships, and the opportunity to spin the HT Roulette wheel to win a spontaneous weekend getaway!We are on a mission to radically transform hotel bookings. Doing this requires us to think differently and to question conventional approaches, therefore it’s essential to have a diverse team of the very best people with all types of backgrounds and experiences to bring the best ideas to life. We are committed to maintaining an environment where all of our team members have the opportunity to be heard, to make an impact and to do the best work of their lives."
2961406102 1 122 3.8 "501 to 1000 employees" "IT Services" "$100 to $500 million (USD) per year" " You will perform comprehensive analysis to develop an in-depth understanding of business opportunities  You will work closely with our business stakeholders to inform their decision making with insights, identifying growth and engagement drivers and areas of opportunity  You will interpret results, conclude actionable recommendations and communicate them effectively to your business stakeholders  You will put yourself into the customer shoes, seeking to understand customer profiles and their needs in order to inform business initiatives Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Business, Economics or a related field  5+ years of relevant professional experience in an ecommerce, business intelligence or consulting environment  You are a highly analytical mind with a strong business understanding  You possess excellent communication skills (verbal and written), including the ability to effectively communicate with both technical and non-technical teams  You are a self-starter capable to taking initiative and working with minimal direction, and you enjoy working in a team of highly engaged individuals Preferred Qualifications: MBA preferred  Working understanding of SQL, BI software (Microstrategy, Tableau) as well as statistical packages (R, SAS, Python)  Experience in the field of digital analytics  Familiarity with data infrastructure and instrumentation Diverse Lynx LLC is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive due consideration for employment without any discrimination. All applicants will be evaluated solely on the basis of their ability, competence and their proven capability to perform the functions outlined in the corresponding role. We promote and support a diverse workforce across all levels in the company."
2970424123 0 100 3.5 "10000+ employees" "Other Retail Stores" "$5 to $10 billion (USD) per year" " Ref #:  5555790  Department:  IT  City:  Lyndhurst  State/Province:  New Jersey  Country:  United States  Company Description Ralph Lauren Corporation (NYSE:RL) is a global leader in the design, marketing and distribution of premium lifestyle products in four categories: apparel, home, accessories and fragrances. For 50 years, Ralph Lauren's reputation and distinctive image have been consistently developed across an expanding number of products, brands and international markets. The Company's brand names, which include Ralph Lauren Purple Label, Ralph Lauren Collection, Double RL, Polo Ralph Lauren, Polo Ralph Lauren Children’s, Ralph Lauren Home, Lauren Ralph Lauren, RLX, American Living, Chaps and Club Monaco, constitute one of the world's most widely recognized families of consumer brands.  Position Overview • Core member of the D&A data integration team in building the Data Lake to enable the advanced analytical capabilities on Customer Analytics, AI capabilities around Planning and Forecasting • Re-engineering of the On-premise EDW platform to the Cloud platform.• Develop integration solutions using ETL/ELT framework defined with RL D&A domain• Work on our Cloud/Data Lake strategy enabling advanced analytics.• Partner with teams/vendors to design, build and deploy Advance analytics solutions. Documentation including Requirements, Business Process, Solution Design, Functional Design, Test Strategy & Test Scripts all at varying degrees of detail Essential Duties & Responsibilities • Technical background- BS/BA or Advanced degree in a relevant field (Computer Science, Operations Research, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, or other Computational Science)• 5+ Years of experience in Data Management Strategy related to Big-Data, EDW and/or Distributed processing platforms• 3+ years of ETL/ELT experience in data management technologies (Informatica, SQL, DataStage etc.)• 2+ Years of experience analytics services (Python, R, PS3, Azure, AWS Redshit, Snowflake, Hadoop, Etc) and/or Big data platform using Hadoop ecosystem (Spark, Hive, Pig, Sqoop, Flume etc.)• Experience in NoSQL solutions (Hive, HBase, MongoDB, etc.) and managing unstructured data• Experience with Big Data on public cloud hosting services (e.g., Azure, AWS)• Retail background would be a plus, but not mandatory• Experience of the full Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC)• Able to work across multiple departments and with stakeholders in different countries and companies and manage various reviews and sign offs as part of delivery• Able to identify problems and ensure the prioritization and escalation is appropriate• To be flexible in approach and able to manage changing priorities• Excellent oral and written communication skills and able to communicate effectively and appropriately to staff at all levels• To work as part of a large team and share information using technology effectively#LI-AD1 Analyst, Big Data Integration "
2993942811 1 139.25 4 "10000+ employees" "Health Care Services & Hospitals" "$2 to $5 billion (USD) per year" " Company OverviewAt Memorial Sloan Kettering (MSK), we’re not only changing the way we treat cancer, but also the way the world thinks about it. By working together and pushing forward with innovation and discovery, we’re driving excellence and improving outcomes. For the 28th year, MSK has been named a top hospital for cancer by U.S. News & World Report. We are proud to be on Becker’s Healthcare list as one of the 150 Great Places to Work in Healthcare in 2018, as well as one of Glassdoor’s Employees’ Choice Best Place to Work for 2018. We’re treating cancer, one patient at a time. Join us and make a difference every day.Job DescriptionAre you passionate about using data to shape strategic business decisions? Do you want to utilize your analytical skills to support MSK's mission? Do you want to be part of a team that was awarded the INFORMS Prize for “repeatedly applying the principles of advanced analytics and operations research / management science in groundbreaking, varied, novel, and lasting ways”?  We care deeply about solving meaningful problems that will measurably impact the lives of MSK’s patients and staff. We are seeking a Data Scientist, Senior Strategic Analyst/Consultant who will serve as a champion for data-driven decision-making within Marketing & Communications, particularly for programs to strengthen MSK’s relationships with physicians and partners in the tri-state area, across the US, and internationally. Embedded Analytics Program This position is part of our Embedded Analytics Program, wherein Strategy & Innovation analysts are embedded in operational departments and immersed in their challenges. Embedded Analytics allows for the best of both worlds: being a full member of an operational team to truly understand their needs and ensure sustainable implementation of work, while still being part of a diverse and energizing community of analytics experts. We support technical and business skill development in a variety of ways, including conferences and external workshops, internal training and journal clubs, creating analytical tools and best practices, and developing our own in-house R package. Department of Communications & MarketingAs a leader in cancer treatment and research for more than 130 years, MSK sets an equally high standard for the effectiveness of our communications and marketing efforts. Our focus is on generating demand for MSK services and active consideration of MSK as the best place for cancer treatment, research, and education. The team encompasses public relations, social media, web content, digital tools, consumer marketing and advertising, business-to-business communications, and research insights. You will:Serve as an analytical thought partner to Communications leadership, especially the Senior VP, Director of Business/Physician Relations, Director of CRM, and Director of Digital CommunicationsBecome deeply versed in the operational needs of Communications and own the strategic roadmap for iteratively developing analytical products in support of those needsIndependently manage individual analytical products and projects from \"question to answer\" including problem framing, data collection and validation, exploratory analysis, statistical modeling, visualization, and synthesisEffectively communicate actionable insights and see them through to implementationSample projects include:Developing a global data model of the network of international physicians from disparate and often conflicting sourcesAnalyzing the relative impact of business-to-business programs (e.g. continuing medical education, newsletters, observership programs) on referrals and patient volumesLeveraging patient behavioral and outcomes data to continually improve our digital engagement platform for prospective patientsCollaborating with the customer relationship management (CRM) team to set up our analytical environment within Salesforce and develop segmentation and targeting strategiesQualifications: We are looking for an analytics professional who has both deep technical skills and a passion for applying them to real-world problems in partnership with non-technical partners. Our successful analysts typically have the below qualifications: A proven track record (4+ years of experience) of using analytics and data science to impact key business decisions.You've built reproducible analyses using R, Python, or a similar languageYou're deeply comfortable with relational databases and SQLYou know how to choose the right technical approach for a question (from a statistical model to a dashboard and everything in between) and know that the simplest solution is often the bestYou're a storyteller, able to synthesize knowledge from a variety of sources and clearly communicate complex topics to non-technical audiencesYou're curious and self-motivated, and you thrive when working autonomously. You know when to run with something and when to ask for help.You have a solid understanding of common statistical methods (especially regression and probability)You have a bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field (statistics, economics, operations research, mathematics, etc.) or equivalent training, fellowship, or work experience #LI-POSTClosingMSK is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, religion, creed, disability, veteran status or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision.  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment."
2998057701 1 94 4 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Internet" "$2 to $5 billion (USD) per year" "Who we areAt Criteo, we are building the advertising platform of choice for the open Internet, an ecosystem that favors neutrality, transparency and inclusiveness. With more than 1.4 billion active shoppers and $600 billion in annual commerce sales, we deliver performance at scale. Founded in a Paris start-up incubator, Criteo now carries out our entrepreneurial spirit across 30+ global offices. Do you want to have an impact on more than half of the worlds internet users? Join us and be part of something big. A Data Analyst on the Analytics (AX) team is a key player in understanding every aspect of Criteos complex business. This role interfaces across the organization to answer challenging analytical questions related to the performance of Criteo Sponsored Products. The scope involves both technically rigorous work, including the use of leading-edge data analysis technologies, and daily interaction with other cross-functional business units as well as external clients.What you'll doAs a member of Analytics, you will be joining a team that is growing and in spotlight with focus to turn rich data into actionable insights. We are looking for an experienced individual who enjoys collaborating with various Executives, Account Management, Sales, and Marketing to help them make data driven decisions. Whether you are delivering clear and actionable insights to advertisers or retailers, analyzing customer behavior and trends, setting up testing, or data mining you will be working with sharp individuals leveraging cutting edge technology and mining multi-terabyte datasets. You have a proven track record of strength in quantitative analysis, are committed to rapidly advancing in your career, and have a strong interest in learning and shaping e-commerce retail.Who you are[MUST HAVE] 2+ years professional experience generating insights from large datasets[MUST HAVE] Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills with exceptional attention to detail[MUST HAVE] Strong business communication skills [MUST BE] Listener, collaborator and team player[MUST HAVE] Proficient writing SQL or SAS or Python or R or any data mining software.[PREFERRED] Familiarity to Ad Technology or Display Technology or web technology or Online retail[PREFERRED] Understanding of digital marketing concepts (CPC, CTR, ROAS, etc.)Strong educational background: Bachelor/Master degree in Mathematics, Engineering, Statistics, Economics, or ScienceAt Criteo, we dare to be different. We believe that diversity fuels innovation and creates an energy that can be seen and felt all over Criteo. We champion different perspectives and are committed to creating a workplace where all Criteos are heard and feel a sense of belonging.Criteo collects your personal data for the purposes of managing Criteo's recruitment related activities. Consequently, Criteo may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants. Your information will be accessible to the different Criteo entities across the world. By clicking the \"Apply\" button you expressly give your consent."
2998057705 1 94 4 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Internet" "$2 to $5 billion (USD) per year" "Who we areAt Criteo, we are building the advertising platform of choice for the open Internet, an ecosystem that favors neutrality, transparency and inclusiveness. With more than 1.4 billion active shoppers and $600 billion in annual commerce sales, we deliver performance at scale. Founded in a Paris start-up incubator, Criteo now carries out our entrepreneurial spirit across 30+ global offices. Do you want to have an impact on more than half of the worlds internet users? Join us and be part of something big. A Data Analyst on the Analytics (AX) team is a key player in understanding every aspect of Criteos complex business. This role interfaces across the organization to answer challenging analytical questions related to the performance of Criteo Sponsored Products. The scope involves both technically rigorous work, including the use of leading-edge data analysis technologies, and daily interaction with other cross-functional business units as well as external clients.Criteos high-growth business model brings both opportunities and challenges. This position involves dealing with a considerable amount of complex, real-world data and requires a candidate who is comfortable thinking of new and innovative ways to analyze data and solve problems. The ideal candidate can function with minimal oversight and has a strong ability to learn new concepts quickly.What you'll do: Partner with Business Developer team to maximize our marketplace health and performance through data-driven insightsPresent as appropriate to individuals throughout the organization and to Criteo clients externally (i.e. Educate other departments on AX concepts during a lunch & learn)Manage controlled A/B tests from design, to execution, to analysis and presentation of results Spearhead global initiatives and become subject matter expert as opportunities ariseCreate, maintain and own reports in support of Account Strategy, Sales, and Ops teamsDetermine opportunities for automation using Tableau, R, Python, Pentaho, Kettle or any other technologiesMaintain deep knowledge of Criteo products, technologies, and position in the marketplaceDevelop a strong knowledge of the performance marketing ecosystem Who you are: Bachelors degree or higher in a quantitative field (Mathematics, Economics, Engineering, etc.)Minimum 2 years full-time, analytics-relevant work experience (experience in the digital industry is preferred, SQL proficiency is required)Keen intellectual curiosity and ability to structure & solve difficult problems with minimal supervisionPassion for translating data-speak into relevant, compelling storiesBackground in any of the following preferred: Tableau, Vertica, Hive/Hadoop, R, Python, Pentaho, KettleExceptional attention to detail coupled with an ability to see the big pictureThorough conceptual and practical understanding of relational databases, data architecture/governance, and real-world application of statistical concepts (particularly in a testing context)Effective presentation and public speaking skills with the ability to present and defend complex analysis both internally and externally to both technical and non-technical audiences and a passion for making theMust have the combination of technical skills, passion for learning, and the soft skills to work with all personality types in a dynamic environmentLI-BD1At Criteo, we dare to be different. We believe that diversity fuels innovation and creates an energy that can be seen and felt all over Criteo. We champion different perspectives and are committed to creating a workplace where all Criteos are heard and feel a sense of belonging.Criteo collects your personal data for the purposes of managing Criteo's recruitment related activities. Consequently, Criteo may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants. Your information will be accessible to the different Criteo entities across the world. By clicking the \"Apply\" button you expressly give your consent."
2998160067 1 106 3.8 "201 to 500 employees" "Internet" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Who we are: We are Dataminr. We deliver real-time, actionable alerts that are derived from vast amounts of publicly available information. Our clients are the first to know about high-impact events and critical breaking information, giving them the opportunity to act faster and stay one step ahead when every second counts. We are a mission-driven company committed to the power of real-time information as a force for good in the world.  Our groundbreaking AI and machine learning technology cuts through the noise in an increasingly complex landscape by detecting, classifying, and determining the significance of public information. Headquartered in NYC, Dataminr has revolutionized the way that global news, finance, public sector, corporate security and PR/communications professionals know and act on critical, relevant information to protect people, assets and brands.  Along the way, we've grown to over 450 talented employees across six global offices, raised over $570 million from leading venture and growth technology investors, and been referred to as the \"super tool of journalists and hedge funds.\" We've received numerous awards and accolades from our clients, including recognition from CNBC as one of the world's 50 most disruptive private technology companies in 2016 and joining Forbes' definitive list of the top 100 private cloud companies in the world, in 2017 and 2018.  A career at Dataminr offers the ability to make a meaningful impact at a rapidly growing tech company with a startup culture, while being supported by the experience of a company founded in 2009. We value ownership, curiosity and drive on an individual level and live these values every day. We empower everyone to have a voice at the table and regularly invest in professional development. Our culture promotes cross team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it enables us to do our best work and have fun. Who you are: You are a dedicated Data Analyst who is eager to study the use of social media in support of our technological developments. You are innovative and adaptable, with an ability to juggle multiple projects at one time. You have a high level of technical skill, but even more importantly have an analytical mindset and are excited to learn more about the programs and tools that make our Data Analysts a diverse and capable component of Dataminr. You will work hand-in-hand with domain experts, product managers, engineers, and other teams to solve challenging problems with your data analysis skills. Responsibilities:Guide the development of reports, dashboards, and metrics to monitor the performance of our internal productsDevelop core metrics and actionable KPIsEffectively translate statistical findings into actionable recommendations for senior leaders on domain expert, product, and engineering teams.Communicate complex ideas in a clear, precise, accessible way to domain expert, product, engineering, and data science teams.Required Skills & Experience:At least 3-5 years experience in Data Analytics3 years experience in PythonSuccess creating and implementing dashboardsLeveraging data to tell a storyDesired Skills & Experience:Experience in one or more object oriented programming language (Java, Scala or Python preferred), and ability to work on projects with minimal supportExcellent attention to detail, highly organized and process orientedExcellent verbal and written communication skills, and the ability to convey complex results to non-technical audiencesSelf-motivated with an ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environmentAbility to work both independently and collaboratively within a teamOur offering of competitive benefits and perks include:Company paid benefits for employees and their dependents, such as medical, dental, vision, disability and lifeFlexible spending account to be used for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses401(k) savings plan with company matchingGenerous leaveDaily catered lunchA kitchen fully stocked with snacks and beveragesDiscounted Gym MembershipDataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.#LI-ID"
3004786653 0 86 2.6 "201 to 500 employees" "Health Care Services & Hospitals" "$100 to $500 million (USD) per year" " The Database Administrator is responsible for the overall health of Amida Care’s databases (production and non- production environments) including design, installation, provisioning hosts, backup/recovery, deployment, performance tuning and maintenance. The Database Administrator provides technical expertise in the use of database technology and is accountable for the overall performance of the enterprise’s database environment. The Database Administrator has significant-hands on responsibilities to create, maintain, and administer key database operations of the organization, supporting Operations, Data Warehouse, and Business Intelligence environment. The Database Administrator translates technical requirements into database solutions (logical and physical database design principles) and works closely with software developers to implement robust, scalable applications that interface with those databases (across multiple platforms). Once the database is in place, the Database Administrator manages and monitors and analyzes performance (usage), database metrics (efficiency) and data security (access), while ensuring high levels of data availability. The Database Administrator also allocates database resources to achieve optimum database performance, including business continuity/backup and recovery procedures for the enterprise’s databases. The Database Administrator develops a common set of standards, methods and procedures used for all database administration development work, including new database(s) and recommending upgrade paths. Lead day-to-day support for Enterprise business critical databases and users, including developing, modifying and implementing changes as needed to resolve user-reported issues (critical and non-critical basis). Manage and monitor database performance, functionality and capacity. Provide suggestions to optimize performance. Design, manage and maintain security groups and permission levels for users within active directory securities. Manage and modify the database structure, as required for new/enhanced design elements. Manage system allocation and plan future storage requirements for the database system. Manage and run software updates and patches to the database and confirm integration to the working environment. Manage and run monthly security reports and track identified fields within the database to audit changes and corrections by users. Manage and maintain the upload of and the import of data loads to related database tables. Provide operational support for analyzing logs to ensure processes complete successfully. Participate in system implementation projects (requirements gathering, database design and development, test documentation/execution, issue identification and resolution) for new system(s), as well as upgrades. Use domain knowledge to lead analyzing database effectiveness/efficiency and rationalizing those expectations into an operational solution, document database technical and design requirements. Ensure that any database integration into the enterprise meets system compliance, and interface specifications. Lead testing lifecycle, including evaluation and identification of potential problem areas, including making the appropriate database recommendations. Liaise with Enterprise Architecture, Business Technology Solutions and the Project Management Office to coordinate delivery solutions. Cultivate, disseminate and enforce Information Technology policies, procedures and best practices, ensuring all Information Technology methodology and processes (Project Management, SDLC and Change Management) are followed and that database requirements are documented (following the requirement specification standards). Lead Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Plan planning, drills, data back-up, recovery and reconciliation testing. Attend technical trainings to stay up-to-date on database technical trends and new technologies. Manage and create scripts for data maintenance, back-ups, scheduling jobs and performance tuning. Assess the databases within the network design and recommend hardware, software and functional needs. Manage and perform database transaction and security audits. Perform other duties as assigned. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:  Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or a related field or, an equivalent combination of education and related work experience required.  Three(3) years experience in Database Administration. Demonstrate knowledge and skill with a variety of MS SQL Server data processing and reporting technologies (SSMS, SSRS, C#.Net, VB.Net), Data Warehousing, and ETL as well as capturing data from disparate sources using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) Demonstrate logical approach to problem solving and high-level analytical capabilities, programming and related technical skills showing ingenuity and creativity, including an attention to detail and an understanding of business processes and constraints. Work within a change management framework that incorporates distinct development, test and production environments, solution promotion and deployment processes, as well as solution testing and defect management. Demonstrate knowledge of application system infrastructure, technology and concepts in an enterprise Information Technology environment, with the ability to grasp quickly new technologies, applications and concepts, and apply them as required. Ability to work in a team environment, meet deadlines, mentor, share knowledge and take on responsibility and accountability for assigned areas. Ability to organize and structure a growing inventory of database assets, and be able to draw and maintain diagrams that can quickly convey the overall context of the environment/solution. Demonstrate experience in participating in multiple projects and ability to work with limited supervision, showing creativity, innovation, motivation, initiative and professionalism. Excellent interpersonal, analytical, written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to convey information to non-technical colleagues in a concise and clear way. Demonstrate understanding and sensitivity to multi-cultural values, beliefs, and attitudes of both internal and external contacts. • Demonstrate appropriate behaviors in accordance with the organization’s vision, mission, and values"
3005917854 1 105 3.8 "51 to 200 employees" "Health Care Services & Hospitals" "$50 to $100 million (USD) per year" " AbleTo, Inc. is a market leader in providing technology-enabled behavioral health care. AbleTo has been treating patients for over six years, and improves patient outcomes and lowers costs by providing treatment that integrates behavioral and medical health care. AbleTo's structured therapy programs strengthen medical recovery and self-care among members with chronic or complex clinical needs. AbleTo analytics, coupled with our multi-channel engagement platform, identify and engage members with unmet, often undiagnosed, behavioral health needs. A proprietary platform connects individuals and their care teams with AbleTo licensed providers who deliver weekly sessions by phone or video supported by an integrated digital experience. AbleTo programs are clinically proven to improve both behavioral health and medical outcomes while lowering overall spending for higher-cost, higher-risk members.  The business intelligence team plays a key role at AbleTo, as data is integral to nearly everything that we do. The manager will bring technical leadership to the team, ensure that we are implementing business intelligence best practices at AbleTo, and act as the face of BI to various internal departments. They will also partner cross functionally with department owners to identify and prioritize opportunities to inject analytics and use of data to improve performance.  Technical Leadership Work in a uniquely cross-functional capacity, helping teams across the organization apply analytical rigor to their decision-makingManage inbound reporting requests – must be highly organized and able to manage time across multiple competing prioritiesServe as a technical thought leader to the business intelligence teamDrive the continuous improvement of team’s capabilities & tools Stakeholder Management Prioritize business intelligence projects based on company objectivesOwn, present and explain findings to various stakeholders across the companyBS in Computer Science, Mathematics, Operations Research, or other related disciplineExperience in Healthcare industry preferredTeam management experience preferredExperience breaking down large projects into actional plans4+ years relevant work experience2+ years managing internal or external stakeholder relationships2+ years using data to make product or operational insights2+ years indentifying KPIs and building reporting capabilitiesAbility to independently drive a project from start to finish Competencies: Strong proficiency with SQLStrong familiarity with BI tools such as Looker (preferred) or TableauExperience working on GCP and/or AWS platforms is a plusExperience with Python is a plusAbleTo is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.AbleTo is an E-Verify company.Upon the acceptance of an offer to enter into this agreement, AbleTo requires the satisfactory completion of reference and background checks and successful completion of drug testing in accordance with local, state and federal laws."
3016604223 0 83 4.1 "201 to 500 employees" "Enterprise Software & Network Solutions" "$25 to $50 million (USD) per year" "About Percolate Since 2011, Percolate has addressed the enormous challenges presented by enterprise marketing operations, and has been foundational in the development of a new categories of marketing technology - Content Marketing Platforms (CMP) and Marketing Resource Management (MRM).  Percolate has been recognized as the only consensus leader in these emerging categories by analyst firms like Forrester, Gartner, and SiriusDecisions - a growing space that represents more than $4 billion in potential annual revenue.  Today, Percolate serves over 600 brands. Some of the world's largest companies including MasterCard, Cisco, Cigna, Electronic Arts, and Bosch use Percolate to help them deal with one of the fundamental challenges facing all marketers - orchestrating their marketing processes and enabling the best possible customer experiences.  Percolate is looking for a Product Data Analyst to join its Product team to help champion the use of data in product decision-making and assist our Customer Success teams in understanding customer behavior and product adoption.  In this role you will report to the Chief Product Officer and work closely with our Product Management, Design, Engineering and IT teams to manage our product analytics reporting pipeline and mine product data to evaluate customer behavior, develop insights, and drive deep-dive studies to identify new opportunities. You will also provide an invaluable service to our business teams in understanding how product behavior influences renewal and expansion opportunities.  #LI-MT1"
3017836583 0 173 4 "51 to 200 employees" "Logistics & Supply Chain" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Transfix is the leading freight marketplace that's transforming the $700 billion trucking industry, connecting shippers to a national network of reliable carriers. Fortune 500 companies such as Anheuser-Busch, Unilever, and Target rely on Transfix to handle their most important FTL freight needs. With instant pricing tools, guaranteed capacity, data-driven insights, and reliable service, Transfix is changing the world of transportation one load at a time. Come leave a positive impact on the environment as we help reduce the carbon footprint caused by the 65 billion wasted miles on the road. Transfix was named one of Forbes' \"Next Billion-Dollar Company\" in 2018. Based in New York City, Transfix is backed by top VC firms including New Enterprise Associates (NEA), Canvas Ventures, and Lerer Hippeau. The company has raised more than $78.5 million in funding. The problems we solve everyday are real and require creativity, grit, and determination. We are building a culture that challenges norms while fostering experimentation and personal growth. We're hiring team members who are passionate and are energized by the vision to simplify and transform one of the largest and most complex industries through technology, data and a strong commitment to customers. As a Senior Data Scientist, you will implement machine learning models into critical business processes, forecast industry trends, and build data pipelines. The Data Science team works closely with engineers, pricing analysts, and the business intelligence team to complement qualitative knowledge of the freight industry with rigor and quantitative insights. Were currently living in AWS infrastructure including SageMaker and Redshift. You will be expected to autonomously run your own projects, drive business impact, and be a domain expert for teams across the company.If you are excited about tackling challenges to improve the lives of truckers and shippers across the country and reinventing an industry from the inside out, send us your resume.What you'll do:Develop and implement pricing strategies into our automated bidding processesBuild forecasting models for freight market pricing changes using industry indicatorsCollaborate with our Sales, Operations, and Tech teams to provide analytic and machine learning supportExecute long-term modeling initiativesDrive adoption of improved, innovative technologies and toolsAct as a mentor for the data science teamHelp drive strategic data-driven analyses, insights, and report on KPIsPartner with data engineering for system design and infrastructureAbout you:You have a Bachelors degree in a STEM or quantitative fieldYou love data and have at least 5+ years experience with conducting in-depth data analyses, building machine learning models, and presenting results to business stakeholdersYou have a solid grasp on both theory and application, and you know how to balance methodological purity with practical implementationYou are fluent with programming languages (Python, R)You are comfortable working in high-paced, impact-driven environmentsPrice optimization and financial forecasting knowledge is a plusTo all recruitment agencies: Transfix does not accept unsolicited agency resumes and will not be held responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes."
3024294652 0 88 3.5 "201 to 500 employees" "Advertising & Marketing" "$25 to $50 million (USD) per year" " At Centric Digital, we are building products that measure and raise digital intelligence. Our comprehensive data driven insights enable brands across all industries to make strategic decisions about enterprise wide digital capabilities that drive shareholder, customer and organizational value.  We are looking for a Data Analyst/Scientist to help transform large amounts of behavioral, financial, attitudinal and trends data into insights that power our products. By applying advanced data analysis techniques, you will play a critical role in driving new opportunities for the organization and ensuring our clients derive maximum value from our data. The ideal candidate is a strong communicator and data champion who gets excited about both uncovering and sharing insights that drive impact. He/she must be resilient, have a positive attitude and be comfortable working with cross functional teams in a lean environment.  ABOUT THE ROLE Work closely with product and engineering leaders to extract data, perform statistical analysis, produce algorithms, data models and visualizations that solve problems and inform decision making related to data strategy, product design, customer success and solution delivery priorities across the orgDevelop processes and tools as needed to monitor and analyze data integrity and model performance with a keen eye towards automation and scaleSupport the assessment and testing of new data acquisition initiativesCreate meaningful internal and external analyses that tell a story focused on insights, not just dataAct as data champion with the ability to articulate statistical concepts and educate internal and external audiences as neededPerform ad-hoc analyses and wear multiple hats as required in a lean, growth stage environment ABOUT YOU Bachelors or Masters degree in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Data Science or related field with minimum of 3 years relevant work experienceStrong written and verbal communication skills with ability to effectively convey complex concepts to both technical and non-technical audiencesDemonstrable expertise with SQL relational databases as well as big dataExperience deciphering appropriate data visualization tools to communicate insightsSolid understanding of computer science and software engineering fundamentalsMaturity and know-how to prioritize work with a focus on driving impactExperience building end-customer facing products with data or modeling is a plus"
3025912941 0 120.349 4.2 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Enterprise Software & Network Solutions" "$500 million to $1 billion (USD) per year" " Medidata is leading the digital transformation of life sciences with the world's most-used platform for clinical development, commercial and real-world data. Powered by artificial intelligence and delivered by #1 ranked industry experts, the Intelligent Platform for Life Sciences helps pharmaceutical, biotech, medical device companies and academic researchers accelerate value, minimize risk and optimize outcomes. Medidata serves more than 1,000 customers and partners worldwide and empowers more than 100,000 certified users every day to create hope for millions of patients. Discover the future of life sciences: www.mdsol.com  We know that diverse teams win and are fully committed to selecting leaders and employees that represent the markets in which we operate. We are still led by our Co-founders, Tarek Sherif and Glen de Vries, and have global operations in US, Europe and Asia with over 2000 employees. Your Mission: The Senior Business Analyst, Data Operations is a key role in a dynamic team of data analysts, quality assurance managers, data curators and business experts. We leverage industry leading data assets and analytical models to transform the clinical trial industry, driving scientific and operational success for our clients and partners. We provide pioneering data-oriented products to most of the $100B pharmaceutical development industry. The Senior Business Analyst works closely with multi-disciplinary teams to enhance our data assets, support our data-driven solutions and focus on continuous improvement in the operations of data curation. Manage data curation, standardization and analysis projects: document project milestones and timelines and monitor progress and impedimentsDevelop key messaging and communication material for business audience; coordinate and assist in maintaining ongoing cross-functional communication.Identify and assist with integrating new data sources/elements for analytics and business intelligence products, and provide ongoing monitoring of data sources and data assets.Make recommendations for optimizing data extraction, transformation, and integration based on research and analysis.Adopt and promote best practices, tools, and methodsMaintain team/department policies and procedures.Your Education & Experience: Must have(s)... Bachelor’s degree in a life science, or quantitative or business discipline (business administration, management information systems, computer science, engineering, statistics or related field) and a minimum of 4 years of related experience; or an advanced degree and 2 years of work experience; or equivalent work experience.Demonstrated creative problem solving, analytical and organizational skillsAbility to manage work in teams of widely varying skills and levelsFamiliarity with data standardization including medical diagnosis and procedure coding vocabularies (e.g. UMLS, CPT, SNOMED, ICD-9/-10)Familiarity with analytics concepts such as databases, programming, statistical modeling, machine learning, data visualizationClinical Research domain experienceExcellent verbal and written communication skills, great attention to detailAdvanced skills in MS Office, specifically PowerPoint, Excel and Word Nice to have(s) but not required… Experience as a business analyst on a data science team, technology consultant, or product manager of analytics or operational based software (e.g. study design, CTMS, EDC)Proficiency in SQL and/or other programming languages (e.g. SAS, Python or R)Familiarity with Agile software development principlesFamiliarity with Atlassian product suite (e.g. JIRA, Confluence) Medidata is making a real difference in the lives of patients everywhere by accelerating critical drug and medical device development, enabling life-saving drugs and medical devices to get to market faster. Our products sit at the convergence of the Technology and Life Sciences industries, one of most exciting areas for global innovation. Nine of the top 10 best-selling drugs in 2017 were developed on the Medidata platform.  Medidata’s solutions have powered over 14,000 clinical trials giving us the largest collection of clinical trial data in the world. With this asset, we pioneer innovative, advanced applications and intelligent data analytics, bringing an unmatched level of quality and efficiency to clinical trials enabling treatments to reach waiting patients sooner. EEO StatementUS: Medidata Solutions, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Medidata Solutions provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by the law. Medidata Solutions complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. #LI-AS1"
3025949809 1 110 3.5 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Consumer Product Rental" "$100 to $500 million (USD) per year" "About Rent the Runway: Recently named #9 on CNBC's Disruptor 50 list for 2018, Rent the Runway is transforming the $1.7 trillion global fashion industry by introducing clothing rental as a utility for women. We have pioneered the closet in the cloud and believe that every person globally will soon have a subscription to fashion. Since our launch in late 2009, we have raised $210M from top-tier investors and built one of the most beloved brands on earth. We are proud to be both a profitable and high-growth business, with a loyal 8 million strong customer base who share the experience of renting as being empowering and smart.  Our 1000+ employees have a revolutionary spirit that permeates our culture. We've built - proprietary technology, a one-of-a-kind reverse logistics operation, stores of the future, a viral brand, relationships with hundreds of fashion brands - and we are obsessed with continuing to game change our customer experience.  We are also trying to revolutionize entrepreneurship itself - proving that diverse teams produce outsized impact. The Rent the Runway Foundation, which our two co-founders launched together in 2015, helps thousands of female entrepreneurs build and scale their own businesses with the mission of increasing the number of high growth women-led companies. Position Overview: Data is core to our growing business and has been ingrained in the company's DNA since its founding. As a member of the Analytics team, you will collaborate with cross-functional partners on a wide range of complex problems. You'll use data to help grow and evolve the rental products that exist today and your insights will help shape the company roadmap. Responsibilities:Apply expertise in quantitative analysis and data mining to see beyond the numbers and extract actionable insights on how our customers use our different services and derive valueDevelop a deep understanding of the loyalty behavior of our customers. Understand the path to conversion and identify potential areas of opportunity.Work collaboratively with Product, Engineering and Marketing teams to develop and measure existing/new rental programs that motivate repeat usage and normalizes rental as part of our users' livesMore broadly, design and evaluate experiments that impact user behavior. Diagnose and communicate root causes of changes in user behavioral metricsBuild dashboards to showcase and disseminate key insights throughout organizationCreate reusable datasets with appropriate architecture using our complex data pipeline.Develop and share best operating practices within the Analytics teamQualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics or related technical field. Advanced degrees and specialization even better.3+ years of experience doing quantitative analysisHigh proficiency in databases (e.g: MySQL) and query languages (e.g: SQL)Experience with Tableau (reporting suite) and scripting languages (e.g: Python) preferredExperience with using packages like R to perform deeper analyses also a plusPassion for data and its fundamental ability to create valueAbility to communicate effectively with wide-range of audiencesExtremely curious and excited to dive into complex problemsTrack record of building strong relationships with cross functional partners"
3027289115 0 98 4 "10000+ employees" "Health Care Services & Hospitals" "$2 to $5 billion (USD) per year" " Company OverviewAt Memorial Sloan Kettering (MSK), we’re not only changing the way we treat cancer, but also the way the world thinks about it. By working together and pushing forward with innovation and discovery, we’re driving excellence and improving outcomes. For the 28th year, MSK has been named a top hospital for cancer by U.S. News & World Report. We are proud to be on Becker’s Healthcare list as one of the 150 Great Places to Work in Healthcare in 2018, as well as one of Glassdoor’s Employees’ Choice Best Place to Work for 2018. We’re treating cancer, one patient at a time. Join us and make a difference every day.Job DescriptionMSK is seeking a Sr. Applications Analyst on the CIS Orders Team to manage the Allscripts’ Sunrise Clinical Manager (known internally as Clinical Information System/CIS) implementations, ongoing maintenance, upgrades, enhancements, interfaces and integration with existing and new systems. Work collaboratively with the CIS Project Managers, CIS Managers, Information Systems and various Ancillary Department Managers to assure a successful implementation of CIS including but not limited to Order Entry/Order Results, Clinical Documentation and Clinical Decision Support. The Sr. Applications Analyst supports CIS operations and leads inter-departmental teams in the implementation of system enhancements, changes and fixes, including documentation of functional design specifications, system configuration and testing.  You Will: Collaborate with MSKCC leadership, clinicians and information systems staff, to implement new CIS functionality to support clinical and operational workflowsBe responsible for CIS Orders Team activities related to design, implementation, troubleshooting and problem resolutionBe responsible for all areas relating to CIS orders (building, modifying, testing, implementing etc)Work autonomously to manage assigned projects that involve working with both ancillary departments and multidisciplinary groups within CIS and across clinical departmentsGuide the analysis and design of data requirements, interface specifications within CIS to meet enterprise needsFacilitate meetings to review and update users on new functionality and create training documentation and detailed workflowsProvide daily support and off hours on call support for CIS functionality You Are: Capable of building strong customer relationships and delivering customer-centric solutionsA good decision-maker with proven success at making timely decisions that keep the organization moving forwardAble to work effectively in an environment notable for complex, sometimes contradictory informationConsistently achieving results, even under tough circumstancesAdept at planning and prioritizing work to meet commitments aligned with organizationalAdept at building partnerships and working collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives and goalsAn effective communicator, capable of determining how best to reach different audiences and executing communications based on that understandingResilient in recovering from setbacks and skilled at finding detours around obstaclesAble to operate effectively, even when things are not clear or the way forward is not obviousAdept at learning quickly, applying insights from past efforts to new situations You Have: Bachelor’s Degree in Healthcare, Computer Science (or equivalent experience); Master’s Degree preferred2-4 years’ experience in a complex, multi-departmental healthcare environmentHL7 knowledge strongly preferredExperience with Allscripts Sunrise Clinical Manager (SCM) configuration is a plusExperience in performing clinical system implementations or equivalent1 year experience in managing projects #LI-POSTClosingMSK is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, religion, creed, disability, veteran status or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision.  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment."
3027704035 1 94 4 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Internet" "$2 to $5 billion (USD) per year" "Who we areAt Criteo, we are building the advertising platform of choice for the open Internet, an ecosystem that favors neutrality, transparency and inclusiveness. With more than 1.4 billion active shoppers and $600 billion in annual commerce sales, we deliver performance at scale. Founded in a Paris start-up incubator, Criteo now carries out our entrepreneurial spirit across 30+ global offices. Do you want to have an impact on more than half of the worlds internet users? Join us and be part of something big. OverviewInsights and Marketing Analytics at CriteoCriteo is in search of a passionate, highly motivated Data Analyst to join our Insights & Marketing Analytics (IMAX) team that sits between our Paris, London, New York and Los Angeles offices. The IMAX team is a specialized, global team of insights and analytics professionals located in Paris, London, New York and Los Angeles. This global team is responsible for the insights that fuel Criteo-created content; the creation, execution, and analysis of customer, shopper, and marketer surveys; the analysis of Criteos own paid media; and the evangelization of data-driven methods and data storytelling across all of Criteo. While the IMAX team directly supports the needs of the global Marketing team, we also interface with commercially-facing teams (such as Sales and Account Strategy), with Criteo clients, and with the marketplace itself via conferences, via the press, and via industry influencers. Your role at CriteoYou will be working closely with the global Marketing team to create the insights that fuel our message in the marketplace. You will own the analysis behind some of our most important pieces of recurring and ad-hoc thought leadership. You will see your work directly cited in the press, at industry conferences, and by our commercial teams. Examples of such work are available on our website.· Our Global Commerce Review at https://www.criteo.com/insights/global-commerce-review-map/· Our Gen Z center of information at https://www.criteo.com/insights/topic/gen-z-marketing/· Our Research Reports center at https://www.criteo.com/insights/format/research-reports/Youll work closely with the IMAX and Content teams to turn Criteos extraordinary commerce data set into market-facing insights. You will also directly support Criteos in-house surveys of customers, shoppers, and marketers, on a global basis. You will create, launch, and maintain interactive tools using Tableau (or other technologies) that allow the broader set of global Criteos to access your work at scale. The position combines traditional technical data analytics work, including the use of SQL, Excel, Hive, R/Python, with the softer part of data science: storytelling with data.This position involves dealing with a considerable amount of complex, real-world data and requires a candidate who is comfortable thinking of new and innovative ways to analyze data and solve problems. The ideal candidate will be enthusiastic about data storytelling and embrace the concept of the full stack data analytics professional as a career choiceWhat you'll doDevelop a deep knowledge of how to analyze trends across client, product groups, and verticals in all of Criteos global marketsDevelop automations in R/Python to increase department efficiency and allow projects to scaleUnderstand how Criteo creates data across various data stores (Vertica / Hive). Serve as IMAX point person regarding the meaning of data and best practices around data accessContribute to new ways of using Criteos vast storehouse of data, including developing higher quality approaches to existing offerings as well as innovating to create new market-worthy content from scratch.Create custom tables in databases to increase the quality of IMAX analysis. Support IMAX data for the global Criteo analytics communityOwn and maintain reports/code in Tableau, R, Python or other relevant technologiesLiaise with other teams as needed, including non-IMAX Analytics, Product Marketing, Sales, and Account StrategyWork with IMAX and Marketing team members to develop our strategic approach to content. Align our initiatives with Criteos overall direction and ensure that IMAX projects contribute to business resultsWho you areBachelors degree or higher in a quantitative field (Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Economics, etc.) Strong interest in combining analytical/technical skills with softer/communication skills1-4 years of relevant work experience, with skills being more important that the specific industryStrong communication skills in English and local-language, with the ability translate technical approaches into English Strong intellectual curiosity and ability to structure and solve difficult problems with minimal supervision Understanding of how to extract data from relational databases (i.e. SQL), including data which spans multiple tablesInterest in internet advertising and, more broadly, in Marketing as a discipline.Knowledge of business intelligence tools: Excel / PivotTables / Cognos / Tableau a plusSome experience with R and/or Python, in both the context of creating automation and using R/Python for data analysis and visualizationAbility to engage in some international travel, including to the United StatesWhy CriteoAn Expansive Global Culture that Feels Local. The environment of an international startup. The success of a high growth tech company. The adventure of expanding boundaries, shattering precedents and transforming the digital advertising industry. 100% premium coverage of Healthcare Plan. When apples arent enoughCompetitive compensation. Be fancyCareer advancement with global mobility opportunities. A little bit of Je ne sais quoiVacation policy. Because your mom misses youHappy hour, snacks, arcade/game rooms. Eat. Drink. Be merryTravel & reimbursement options. Until jetpacks are a thing401(k) fully vested matching. Basically free $$$#LI-LS2At Criteo, we dare to be different. We believe that diversity fuels innovation and creates an energy that can be seen and felt all over Criteo. We champion different perspectives and are committed to creating a workplace where all Criteos are heard and feel a sense of belonging.Criteo collects your personal data for the purposes of managing Criteo's recruitment related activities. Consequently, Criteo may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants. Your information will be accessible to the different Criteo entities across the world. By clicking the \"Apply\" button you expressly give your consent."
3030325009 0 102 3.8 "10000+ employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" " AlphaWise Data Solutions & Services is leading the charge on data strategy and management for MS Research. Given the growing strategic importance of data, the group is a key enabler for both “offense” (generating new commercial opportunities) and “defense” (ensuring proper data use and risk management). The group is seeking a seasoned Data Analytics Associate with experience in financial services/banking to create data offerings and help build a robust data management platform. The role is dynamic, fast-paced, and interacts with multiple stakeholders. The candidate will:  - Perform a variety of business and data analyst functions, including working with Research Analysts, Sector Quants, IT, and other SMEs to understand and enhance Research data products  - Uncover data product enhancement opportunities; prepare requirements and business cases  - Define requirements for overarching data management platform; work closely with technology teams to prioritize and implement solutions  - Create efficient and reusable code to analyze, cleanse, and transform data products  - Use financial data expertise to better structure data for use by Research Analysts  - Create and maintain data product documentation (e.g. requirements, product specs, playbooks)  - Manage project timelines and facilitate the day-to-day operational aspects of the program  - Develop and maintain metrics to measure the data quality of our products  - Build offshore capabilities and oversee activities of offshore personnel Technical Qualifications - Experience in the financial services with a strong understanding of market data  - Data analysis experience, including profiling, quality, and transformation  - Experience with system development, including requirements gathering and documentation  - Python proficiency required; experience with R preferred  - Experience working with data in multiple formats (Hadoop/Hive, DB2, Excel, etc.)  - Awareness of data management practices, issues, and emerging trends  - Understanding of data modeling, statistics, and basic financial modeling RequiredBachelor’s Degree from an accredited higher learning institution required (preferred area of study: Economics, Mathematics, Finance, Computer Science, or other similar fields)2-5 years of business and data analyst experience in the financial servicesWillingness to play multiple roles across the business and data analysis spectrum; ability to multi-task, manage conflicting priorities, troubleshoot, and get things doneCollaborative, flexible mindset; interested in building a new program and operating in an uncertain, startup-like atmosphereExcellent analytical skills; able to decompose complex problems into manageable pieces; comfortable suggesting and presenting solutions to technical and non-technical audiencesComfortable working in a large organization with a broad set of cross-functional stakeholders"
3030464918 1 94 4.6 "51 to 200 employees" "Internet" "$10 to $25 million (USD) per year" "Bluecore is an Inc. 500 high-growth marketing technology company. Bluecore has been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work by Glassdoor and is ranked No. 241 on the Inc. 500 List, the most prestigious ranking of the nations fastest-growing private companies. Our Retail Performance Cloud, specializing in artificial intelligence - based workflows. Our unique ability to leverage machine learning to match customer data with real-time product and behavior enables brands to build intelligent, marketing communications and personalized campaigns in seconds vs. days. More than 400 retail brands, including Staples, Perry Ellis, Teleflora, Tommy Hilfiger, and Best Buy Canada, increase their performance with less effort leveraging our products.Bluecores Data Insights and Strategy team have two key focuses - First to deliver custom deep dive analysis to our largest enterprise clients, and second to productize and scale the most relevant insights so that they can be delivered to hundreds of clients. As an Insights Analyst on the team, your job would be to mine, explore, and analyze terabytes of behavioral data and digital marketing engagement data from across 300+ retail brands to discover and deliver insights and strategy for our clients. Were looking for a highly motivated data analyst with a strong technical background and a knack for interpreting and communicating the why behind data and its application to business. We are looking for candidates with fluency in SQL, Python, and Excel, who enjoys and appreciates creative thinking, relentlessly digging into data, and turning the results into clearly communicated and compelling strategies. Youll be working closely with the other analysts and strategists on the Insights team, as well as Bluecores customer success and sales teams to deliver insights to our clients. You will be responsible for discovering, solving, and communicating the business problems that our brands face and working with our engineering teams to create automated solutions. ResponsibilitiesBuild, maintain and improve custom models that help our clients solve specific retail marketing goals such as getting buyers to buy in a new category.Design and build KPI reports and visualizations in Excel, Jupyter Notebooks, and Looker to help make our teams and clients successful.Work with the analysts and strategists to help form strategies based on our insights to help our clients reach their business goals.Track and monitor the performance of our strategy recommendations. Provide recommendations for optimizations.Work with customers and internal customer success and sales teams to discover the challenges faced by our clients.Work with engineers to generalize and automate analysis developed on Jupyter Notebooks, Excel, and Looker using tools such as Pandas, Airflow, Google BigQuery, and CloudSQL.RequirementsPosition is located in our New York City office. Bachelors degree in analytical fields such as Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics preferred.2+ years experience in business analysis, consulting, data analysis or other similarly analytical roles, preferably related with large datasets.Retail e-commerce analytics experience is a plus.Ability to operate comfortably and effectively in a fast-paced, highly cross-functional, rapidly changing environment.Experience with R, Python or other languages for data analysis is a must.Fluency in SQL and Python a must.Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.Excellent communication skills for cross-team collaboration.Experience creating dashboards with Looker, Periscope, and other similar data visualization tools required.Knowledge of statistics a plus.BenefitsAmazing team environment recognized by Glassdoor and other culture assessment companies. Certified great places to work by the Great Place to Work InstituteCome work with passionate, energetic, curious people solving customer problemsCompetitive compensation package including salary and comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insuranceEquity in a rapidly growing, early-stage Inc. 500 marketing technology growth companyGenerous Parental Leave & flexible vacation policy401(k) planMonthly fitness stipend for a gym membership or fitness classesMonthly public transportation stipendAt Bluecore we believe in fostering an inclusive environment in which employees feel encouraged to share their unique perspectives, leverage their strengths, and act authentically. We know that diverse teams are strong teams, and welcome those from all backgrounds and varying experiences.Bluecore is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fair hiring practices and to creating a welcoming environment for all team members. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, familial status or veteran status."
3030501758 0 81 4.3 "201 to 500 employees" "Internet" "$25 to $50 million (USD) per year" " Here at 1stdibs one of our core values is 'Say It With Data' and we are looking for an Analyst to join our Analytics team. In this role you will work cross-functionally and partner with key stakeholders to measure and quantify marketing/product initiatives here at 1stdibs.  Your goal is to lead and manage conversations that steer our audience acquisition/retention and user experience optimization strategy through the identification of significant trends and application of advanced insights. You will provide thought-leadership on how to effectively leverage data to inform decision-making across the organization.  In this role, you will have the opportunity to learn and develop expertise around how a luxury e-commerce marketplace leverages web analytics to drive decisions. You will be a self-starter who can jump in without being asked, see the big picture but pay close attention to detail, and demonstrate strong verbal and written communication skills. You will be diligent in your work and have a passion for process. You will be passionate about using data to drive business decisions and have experience working with various stakeholders and cross-functional teams. To be successful you will have a deep knowledge of SQL, a natural flair for interpreting data and an all around passion for numbers!  We have a startup culture that is constantly evolving so comfort with ambiguity is very important. In exchange, you'll be given the opportunity to work with and learn from some of the most passionate, driven and creative people assembled under one roof. What you'll doDefine, analyze and validate key metrics to inform decision-making and measure product and marketing success from a business and user perspectiveWork with business owners to leverage data to identify growth opportunities and user pain points, evaluate new features and recommend changesCommunicate and present data and insights clearly, distilling complexity down to its essenceDesign, monitor, analyze and create reporting for A/B experimentsPerform and regularly monitor cohort and conversion funnel analyses to identify key user behavior trendsGather requirements and build data visualizations and interactive dashboardsWhat you'll bringBachelor's in a quantitative field, data science or business analytics; Master's preferred2-4 years of experience in marketing|digital|business analyticsStrong SQL skillsFamiliarity with web analytics tools, such as Google AnalyticsFamiliarity with business intelligence solutions that translate insights into simple and concise visuals (e.g. Chartio, Looker, Tableau, etc.)Possess strong verbal, written and visual presentation skills, with an emphasis on storytellingAbility to think critically about problems through multiple perspectives and assert demonstrable hypothesesComfort working in a fast-paced, cross-functional environment, delivering flawless execution"
3030645861 0 100 3.8 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Stock Exchanges" "$2 to $5 billion (USD) per year" " Responsible for Daily Technical Operations including Application Management and Support for all Nasdaq provided services. This includes 24/7 Technical Operations and Application Support, managing Incidents for both internal and external customers, installing application updates and maintaining operational documentation and procedures. Performs real-time monitoring of systems for software/hardware errors, failures and capacity issues; troubleshoot, diagnose and escalate to senior associates.Follows procedures for startup and shutdown of core systems, recovery procedures, scheduling, backups, and monitors batch processes.Troubleshoots order entry and market data connectivity issues with clients, exchanges, market centers, and network providers.Reviews system capabilities, department workflow, and scheduling requirements.Configures, installs, maintains and upgrades computer systems hardware and software.Administers and maintains security of operating systems.Performs recovery procedures, scheduling and backups, and monitors batch processes.Performs and maintains security of operation systems.Education Required: Degree qualified in Computer Science, Information Systems or other related discipline or equivalent work experience in Data Center, Trading, Computer, or Network Operations.Experience Required: At least 3 years.Special Qualifications: Certifications relevant for the role are meritorious.Nasdaq is an equal opportunity employer. We positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of age, color, disability, national origin, ancestry, race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, veteran status, genetic information or any other status protected by applicable law."
3031127712 1 105 3.6 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Two Sigma is a different kind of investment manager. Since 2001, we have used data science and technology to derive insights that forecast the future and discover value in markets worldwide. Our team of scientists, technologists and academics looks beyond traditional finance to understand the bigger picture and develop creative solutions to some of the world’s most challenging economic problems. Our work spans across markets and industries, from insurance and securities to private investments and new ventures.In this role, you will partner with our close-knit team of data sourcing colleagues, engineers, quantitative researchers, and data scientists to translate data into actionable insights and to accelerate our vibrant research pipeline.You will take on the following responsibilities:Operating and extending our data discovery platform to allow for colleagues to discover, trial and purchase datasetsIdentifying and generating reports about our workflowsAutomating manual process to allow Data Discovery to continue to scaleProject management of various data pipelines to ensure that new datasets are constantly being evaluatedYou should possess the following qualifications:3-5 years of relevant experienceBA/BS with strong academic track record with university coursework or related data analysis experienceApplied data analysis experience, especially using popular scripting languages (particularly Python) and/or data analysis tools and languages (Pandas)Deep intellectual curiosity and passion for dataExcellent problem solving, communication, and analytical skillsEagerness to work in an evolving and fast-paced environmentWhile financial industry experience is a plus, we are open-minded in our search for critical thinkers who are passionate about technology and dataYou will enjoy the following benefits:Core Benefits: Fully paid medical and dental insurance premiums for employees and dependents, competitive 401k match, employer-paid life & disability insurancePerks: Onsite gyms with laundry service, wellness activities, casual dress, snacks, game roomsLearning: Tuition reimbursement, conference and training sponsorshipTime Off: Generous vacation and unlimited sick days, competitive paid caregiver leavesWe are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics."
3038884817 0 165 2.7 "1 to 50 employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "$5 to $10 million (USD) per year" " OVERVIEW:Working directly for a portfolio manager the responsibilities include economic modelling and research, monitoring of risk in the portfolio and supporting macro trades across a range of global markets, with a focus on fixed income. The applicant must have prior experience in the fixed income space. The applicant will work closely with the portfolio manager monitoring and executing trades for the portfolio. Successful candidates will be strong in quantitative modelling and econometrics, and possess exceptional spreadsheet skills.RESPONSIBILITIES:Deep dive bespoke analysis of fixed income models, factors and trades.Maintain a deep understanding of the limits, stresses and correlations within the portfolio.Daily trade review and recording of relevant data within daily market reports. Review portfolio correlations and risk.Maintain relationships with key research contacts in the market.Development and maintenance of systematic and ad-hoc research and trading models.Execution of Macro trades.SKILLS:BA/BS or higher degree in computer science/engineering/math/physics.VBA/SQL required, Python programming skills with pandas a plus.Strong financial, mathematical and spread sheet modelling skills.Very strong attention to detail.Able to establish and maintain good relations with market analysts.Proven ability to prioritise work and meet delivery deadlines, able to work independently.Ideally 2 - 4 years post graduate experience.Experience in yield curve modelling.Depth and breadth of understanding of financial products including swaps and options.Experience in developing systematic trading models a plus."
3040581071 0 84 3.6 "501 to 1000 employees" "Accounting" "$100 to $500 million (USD) per year" " SQL Developer  Marks Paneth LLP is a premier accounting firm with origins dating back to 1907. With a team of nearly 700 professionals, the firm provides a full range of audit, accounting, tax and consulting services, with specialties in international tax, forensic accounting, litigation support, family office and financial advisory services.  Marks Paneth professionals deliver expert knowledge in a wide range of industries, including real estate, hospitality and restaurants; nonprofit, government and healthcare; manufacturing, wholesale and distribution; theater, media and entertainment; high-net-worth; and financial and professional services. The firm offers expanded resources through its subsidiary technology consulting firm, Tailored Technologies, LLC, and its membership in Morison KSi Ltd., a global association of professional service firms serving clients’ cross-border accounting, tax and consulting needs.  Headquartered in New York City, with additional offices throughout the East Coast, Marks Paneth is ranked by Accounting Today among the top 50 accounting firms in the nation and the top 10 in the Mid-Atlantic Region.  Job description:  We currently have an opening for a SQL Developer located in our Firm’s New York City headquarters office location. The SQL Developer position plays a key role in the organization as part of the Information Technology team. The candidate will help identify business requirements, develop information models, and design SQL queries and reports.  Responsibilities Include: Collaborate with our Chief Information Officer to develop, design and implement advanced SQL queries to improve operating efficiencies, reduce costs and meet the business needsCollaborate with Partners and Management to create specifications for data reports, file import and exports from data warehouse and production applicationsCreate, maintain, modify, troubleshoot and optimize SQL Server database queriesSupport internal departmental ad-hoc data requestsAdminister and support the SQL server environment and other users  Skills & Experience:4 - 6+ years of experience in database development and support in MS SQL Server environmentSQL Development – ability to write and troubleshoot SQL Code and design (stored procs, functions, tables, views, triggers, indexes, constraints)Significant experience developing reports utilizing SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) or equivalent reporting toolsStrong SQL support skills, proficient in all the facets of debugging, tuning, and optimizing SQL codes, able to code the algorithms with packages, procedure, functions via SQLExpert experience in implementing operational utilizing SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)Strong experience in Database Administration in SQL Server (2008R2, 2012, and 2016)Experience in troubleshooting and resolving database integrity issues, performance issues, blocking and deadlocking issues, replication issues, log shipping issues, connectivity issues, security issues etcExperience in Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, using Performance Monitor, SQL Profiler and other related monitoring and troubleshooting toolsAbility to detect and troubleshoot SQL Server related CPU,memory I/O, disk space and other resource contentionStrong knowledge of backups, restores, recovery models, database shrink operations, Clustering, Database mirroring, ReplicationStrong knowledge of how indexes, index management, integrity checks, configuration, patching. How statistics work, how indexes are stored, how they can be created and managed effectivelyKnowledge of SQL Server tools (Profiler, DTA, SSMS, SAC, SSCM, PerfMon, DMVs, system sprocs)Knowledge of .Net a plusSolid documentation skills for processes and proceduresProvide SQL Database Operational support to other users  Required Education:Bachelor's or Masters Degree in Computer Science or related fieldOther IT certifications a plus but not required Location – Manhattan, NY  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, marital status, citizen status, age, disability, military or protected veteran status, genetic predisposition or carrier status or any other legally protected status. Marks Paneth takes affirmative action in support of its policy to and advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.  Please visit our website as well at: www.markspaneth.com"
3041115725 0 109 4.3 "201 to 500 employees" "Internet" "$25 to $50 million (USD) per year" " Here at 1stdibs one of our core values is 'Say It With Data' and we are looking for an exceptional Senior Analyst - Business Intelligence to join our Business Intelligence team. Our Google Analytics implementation is a complex and exciting challenge to take on. Our core business has aligned itself around Google Analytics segmentation and the success of these teams come from the strength of our Google Analytics implementation.  In this role, you will have the opportunity to learn and develop expertise around how a luxury e-commerce marketplace leverages web analytics to drive decisions. To succeed, you will have an intimate familiarity with Google Analytics and you will be an expert in translating new product features into tracking requirements. You will develop and refine your business acumen by constantly balancing the needs of technical implementation, feature optimization and analytical measurement.  This is an exciting role with lots of room for development as we haven't yet reached our full potential with Google Analytics. This role and the wider Business Intelligence team is the mechanism for how we 'Say It With Data' within our company and as such, this is a high visibility and high impact position, with regular exposure to top management What you'll doTake ownership over tagging, implementation and reporting of Google AnalyticsDevelop best practices for ongoing application of tag management solutionsWork closely with various cross-functional stakeholders such as ecommerce, performance marketing, content, technology, product and advertising to capture the data needed to drive business decisions.Validate accuracy and completeness of data captured, and maintain technical documentationPartner with Analytics team to ensure captured data meet the reporting/dashboarding requirementsReview data trends post-implementation to confirm accuracy and identify anomaliesAssist Analytics in automating reporting and data requestsWhat you'll bringB.A. in computer science, business analytics or a quantitative field2-5 years of experience with Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, tracking data etcAbility to translate and document business requirements into site tracking and reporting guidelinesAbility to identify | interpret trends and anomalies in data and troubleshoot accordinglyAbility to think critically about problems to identify root causeStrong organizational skills | attention to detail and capacity to manage multiple projects simultaneouslyExceptional verbal and written communication skillsFront-end development experience (HTML | Javascript | DOM)Nice to haves:Experience with debugging tools such as Chrome Debugger, Fiddler, HTTPWatch, etc.Experience with querying languages (SQL) and some flavor of database (relational or otherwise)Experience with version control (Github) 1stdibs is the world's largest online luxury marketplace for rare and desirable objects. It has become the go-to source for the world's leading interior designers and consumers to find antiques, furniture, jewelry, vintage fashion and fine art.  Backed by Benchmark Capital, Insight Venture Partners, Index Ventures, Spark Capital and Alibaba, 1stdibs is a unique blend of expert curators and seasoned Internet executives from companies including eBay, Gilt, Google, FreshDirect, Mlb.com, Shutterfly, and Twitter. 1stdibs is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and we are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees."
3041240540 0 126 3.3 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Legal" "$50 to $100 million (USD) per year" "With over 57 offices and over 800 attorneys, Jackson Lewis P.C. is a nationwide law firm working almost exclusively in workplace law. The Firm was named the 2017 Employment Law— Management Law Firm of the Year. The Firm is ranked by U.S. News - Best Lawyers® \"Best Law Firms\" as First Tier in the categories of Labor and Employment Litigation, and in Employment Law and Labor Law on behalf of Management.Jackson Lewis is seeking a Data Scientist to join a growing team of data scientists who are building the future of workforce law and legal analytics.Duties and Responsibilities:As a member of the a newly formed data science team, you will help develop new technologies to explore proprietary in-house data, and to empower our clients to leverage the data they maintain to better manage their workplaces and, in-turn, help our attorneys provide first-in-class legal services.The successful candidate will work as part of a small team of data scientists to build tools and applications that will be used by both internal and external clients to, for example, predict employee attrition, investigate pay practices and evaluate the likelihood of pay disparities between protected employees, predict case outcome and quantitatively summarize case-histories, evaluative the characteristics of risky commination's (from a legal point of view) within organizations, assess selection decision disparities between protected employees, among many others.The successful applicant will be skilled in developing libraries for quantities analyses and interactive dashboards that take advantage of these libraries in a web-application framework.* * *Skills and Educational RequirementsA minimum of M.S. degree in data science, statistical modeling or related field is required. A public (or private) work portfolio demonstrating mastery over the application of quantitative ideas in the context of building data products would also be qualifying.2 - 3 years of experience writing code and libraries/modules in R, Python, C or C++ for the purposes of data analysis.1 - 3 years of experience usingStatistical methods for hypothesis testingMachine learning techniques for regression and classification tasksMethods and technologies for analyzing textual data (NLP)Network analysis to obtain some insight from networked data.1 - 2 years of experience developing production-scale tools and applications with web-application frameworks such as Flask, Shiny, Django etc.Superior communication skills is a must, you must be able to describe complex concepts in a clear and concise manner; as well as visualize and tell a compelling story with the data.Experience using or developing distributed algorithms is a plus.* * *We offer a competitive starting salary and a comprehensive benefits package, along with opportunity for growth. We are an equal opportunity (M/F/V/D) employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristics protected by law."
3042737030 0 136 3.3 "51 to 200 employees" "Brokerage Services" "$50 to $100 million (USD) per year" " Job DescriptionWe are seeking a data scientist to aid us in discovering valuable insights hidden in the vast amounts of data we generate daily to help the business make smarter decisions.  Your primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis and building high quality machine learning models. In this role, you should be highly analytical with a knack for analysis, math and statistics. Critical thinking, problem-solving skills and a passion for machine-learning and data mining are required.ResponsibilitiesManage pre-processing of structured and unstructured data.Cleanse, and verify the integrity of data used for analysis.Mine data using state-of-the-art methods.Enrich company’s data with third party sources of information when needed.Enhance data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytical systems.Build predictive, classification, recommendation and anomaly detection models.Develop internal A/B testing procedures.Select appropriate features, build and optimize classifiers using machine learning techniques.Present information using intuitive data visualization techniques.Perform ad-hoc analysis and present results in a clear manner.Propose data driven solutions and strategies to business challenges.Collaborate with technology and product development teams. Skills and QualificationsMinimum 3 years’ overall experience with at least 2 years of experience in data science/machine learning.Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as K-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Trees, Random forests, Linear Regression, Neural networks etc.Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, scikit-learn, MatLab, Rapidminer etc. Excellence in at least one of these is a must.Stellar applied statistics skills such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.Some experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc. preferred.Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig is preferred.Experience with NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase is preferred.Experience using business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau) and data frameworks (e.g. Hadoop) is preferred.Data-driven mindset with good communication skills.Must be a confident self-starter who can completely own the delivery of high value work products.Ability to analyze problems in detail and develop solutions.Must be a self-sufficient, flexible, and motivated team player capable of managing several activities simultaneously.Financial industry experience preferred. EducationB.S. in Computer Science, Engineering or other relevant field required.Master’s in Data Science or other quantitative field preferred."
3043077321 1 116 3.6 "501 to 1000 employees" "Internet" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " Zocdoc is seeking an ambitious, detail-oriented individual to work with our Business Intelligence and Product Management teams. You will be responsible for partnering closely with our Product Management teams to define, execute and manage that team's data and analytics strategy. You will use a scientific approach to help teams identify what aspects of their business lines are most important, and how to improve them. This job will not only entail reporting and analysis, but also data-pipeline development and maintenance. What You'll Do:Collaborate with business partners to drive their data strategy, which includes; managing KPIs and funnel metrics with associated reporting; deep dive analysis to perform root cause investigations and opportunity sizing; AB test support.Write queries and code to extract relevant data from various platforms.Collaborate with other analysts to maintain our dashboards, ensuring they are up-to-date, accurate, and fair representations of product performance.Automate and streamline existing analytics processes to maximize efficiency.Help ensure that data is accurate and consistent throughout the organization.Train teams how to leverage our data tools and assess whether their conclusions are valid.Work with engineering teams in tracking events that are critical to measuring company performance.Clearly communicate your findings to a range of stakeholders to inform and educate themWhat's Required:3+ years experience working with large data sets to extract and surface actionable findings.Degree in engineering, science, statistics, economics, finance or related technical field.Experience communicating to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.Proven track record of forming and executing on high-level business strategy.Advanced Excel skills including pivot tables, macros, charts, functions, and VBA modeling.Proficiency with SQL.Experience with data modeling in Tableau, Looker or data visualization tool.Experience with a Customer Data Platform tool is a plus (mParticle, Segment).Knowledge of Spark or Hive is a plus.MBA is a plus.Experience with Python or R a plus.Experience in Marketing and/or Ad Tech a plus."
3048064231 1 112 4 "51 to 200 employees" "Internet" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " Newsela is an Instructional Content Platform that brings together engaging, accessible content with integrated assessments and insights to supercharge reading engagement and learning in every subject. We are dedicated to our mission to unlock the written word for everyone. More than five years since our launch, Newsela is already in 90% of schools, across all 50 U.S. states, in addition to being in over 180 countries. The result has been more engaged readers, and engaged readers are better learners.  As Newsela's usage in classrooms all over the world has grown, so has our focus on using data-driven analysis and results across every area of our business; in turn, this will make us more efficient and effective in helping students learn to read. We're looking to drive unprecedented gains in student literacy and looking for an analyst to help get us there. ResponsibilitiesAssist the Community Team (Customer Success Team) with building predictive models to help increase engagement and usage across our customer baseCreate dashboards and deliver insightsLead advanced analysis designed to increase operational efficienciesSupport the senior members of the Data Team in their effort to provide expert analysis to the companyDesign and analyze a variety of A/B testsWrite SQL queries to extract data, clean and analyze data in Python or R, and prepare presentationThe Ideal CandidateBachelor's degree in a quantitative field, including but not limited to mathematics, engineering, computer science, or economics.2+ years in a highly analytical role, including but not limited to business analyst, data analyst, or data scientist working for a company that develops software.1+ years of professional experience using SQL.1+ years of professional experience using a scripting language, including but not limited to Python or R.Demonstrated experience retrieving data, cleaning and preparing data for analysis, performing data analysis, and presenting and defending analysis.Demonstrated experience visualizing analysis (plus for working with high-dimensional data).Demonstrated experience explaining technical material to non-technical audiences.Some PlusesMaster's degree in a quantitative fieldStrong statistical and mathematical backgroundExperience with any business intelligence tool (e.g. Looker, Chartio, Tableau, etc.)Presenting or visualizing insights involving high dimensional dataBackground in EconomicsExtremely detailed oriented.Newsela is strongly committed to the principle of equal opportunity for all individuals. Newsela will make all employment decisions without unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other status protected by law."
3050825840 1 109 4.2 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Enterprise Software & Network Solutions" "$500 million to $1 billion (USD) per year" " Medidata is leading the digital transformation of life sciences with the world's most-used platform for clinical development, commercial and real-world data. Powered by artificial intelligence and delivered by #1 ranked industry experts, the Intelligent Platform for Life Sciences helps pharmaceutical, biotech, medical device companies and academic researchers accelerate value, minimize risk and optimize outcomes. Medidata serves more than 1,000 customers and partners worldwide and empowers more than 100,000 certified users every day to create hope for millions of patients. Discover the future of life sciences: www.mdsol.com  We know that diverse teams win and are fully committed to selecting leaders and employees that represent the markets in which we operate. We are still led by our Co-founders, Tarek Sherif and Glen de Vries, and have global operations in US, Europe and Asia with over 2000 employees. Your Mission:Designs, develops and manages activities for a specific product or group of products from product definition and planning through production, release, and end of lifeServes as the central resource with design, process, manufacturing, test, quality and marketing as the product(s) move to production and distributionInvolvement lasts throughout all stages of a product’s lifecycle including modifications, upgrades and maintenance of the product or product lineYour Competencies:Developing professional expertise, applies company policies and procedures to resolve a variety of issuesWorks on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors. Exercises judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate actionBuilds productive internal/external working relationshipsNormally receives general instructions on routine work, detailed instructions on new projects or assignmentsYour Education & Experience:Typically requires a Bachelor’s degree and a minimum of 2 years of related experience; or an advanced degree without experience; or equivalent work experience Medidata is making a real difference in the lives of patients everywhere by accelerating critical drug and medical device development, enabling life-saving drugs and medical devices to get to market faster. Our products sit at the convergence of the Technology and Life Sciences industries, one of most exciting areas for global innovation. Nine of the top 10 best-selling drugs in 2017 were developed on the Medidata platform.  Medidata’s solutions have powered over 14,000 clinical trials giving us the largest collection of clinical trial data in the world. With this asset, we pioneer innovative, advanced applications and intelligent data analytics, bringing an unmatched level of quality and efficiency to clinical trials enabling treatments to reach waiting patients sooner.  Medidata Solutions, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Medidata Solutions provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by the law. Medidata Solutions complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.  #LI-SS1"
3055690252 0 136 3.6 "10000+ employees" "Banks & Credit Unions" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" "Job Description: Business Intelligence / Reporting & Analytics Senior Business Support Manager GBAM Technology / Risk & Finance Technology COO  About The Team  Global Banking & Markets (GBAM) Technology and Risk & Finance Technology (ERFT) provides end-to-end technology solutions and support for Global Banking and Global Markets businesses (includes: Equities, Electronic Trading, Fixed Income, Rates, Currencies, Credit, Commodities, Structured Products, and Wholesale Banking and Research) and for Risk and Finance.  The COO team manages the overall business operations for GBAMT and ERFT, which includes the following functions: Financial ManagementResource ManagementRisk ManagementPortfolio ManagementPeople StrategyReporting and Analytics Your Role  The central GBAM Technology / Risk & Finance Technology COO team is seeking a Senior Business Intelligence / Reporting Analytics Manager to help us accelerate our efforts in developing data governance, analytics and reporting. We are looking for people who are passionate about helping us use data to assess risk, pressure test controls or assumptions and contribute to a decision making framework that will allow our teams to be more agile, consistent, efficient and aware.  Primary Responsibilities: Interacts directly with the GBAM Technology/Risk and Finance Technology CIO, COO, Senior Leaders and support partners in identifying business intelligence needsContinuous review of data sources and business metrics to assess quality, integrity and appropriate useTranslate ambiguous business problem statements into requirements. Work with internal teams to define best output based on expressed stakeholder needsRecognize and adopt best practices in reporting and analysis; data integrity, test design, analysis, validation and documentationMonitor and troubleshoot operational or data issues in data pipelinesOwn the design, development, and maintenance of scalable solutions for ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards, visualizations etc. to support analytical and business needs.Learn and understand the data sources available and know when, how, and which to use and which not to use What Youll Bring: 10+ years of Business Intelligence / Reporting & Analytics experienceBA/BS in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or related fieldsMBA preferredDemonstrated strength in SQL, data modeling, ETL development, and data warehousingKnowledge and direct experience using business intelligence reporting tools. (e.g. OBIEE, Cognos, Tableau, QuickSight, MicroStrategy, SSAS Cubes, etc.)Strong ability to communicate (written and verbal) with internal and external leadersMust have discerning judgment, able to breakdown the processes contributing to the data composition and extraction, identifying potential failure modes to each process and implement solutions to prevent or detect failures when they occur.Excellent relationship, team building and facilitation skills with the ability to drive collaborations across diverse groupsSuperior leadership, problem solving and organizational skills; strong attention to detailsAbility to balance multiple and competing priorities in an extremely fast paced environmentProven analytical, logical reasoning and problem solving skills; courage to challenge a status quoCommercial awareness and understanding of business and technical environmentsExposure and experience with advanced analytical and statistical techniques would be a plus Location: US-NJ-Jersey City Shift:1st shift (United States of America)Hours Per Week:40"
3055952819 0 109 3.3 "51 to 200 employees" "Financial Transaction Processing" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "About Us Venmo was founded on the principles of breaking down the intimidating barriers around financial transactions to make them intuitive, friendly, and even fun. And it worked: people love sending money with Venmo, and we're growing by leaps and bounds!  But we're only just getting started. We want to take that magic of sending money with Venmo and cascade it into every place where people use money. That means connecting people to their money in the most intuitive and fun way possible, then connecting people with each other. Users already love Venmo, but we know there are lots of things we haven't thought of to make the experience of using Venmo even more delightful and valuable. All that's going to take a lot of figuring out. Let's figure it out together! Data Analytics at Venmo Analytics plays a crucial role across Venmo. We approach problems inquisitively and with a desire to find solutions in our data. We believe that Analytics should drive business decisions across the company in order to keep our product simple, joyful, and delightful. The RoleResponsible for managing a team to drive the data driven decisions for a core business initiative at VenmoMotivate, lead, coach, and mentor team of analystsEnsure the timely delivery of data initiatives while continually raising the barEncourage technical and organizational innovation while managing realistic deadlinesFoster a collaborative attitude within the team and across the broader Venmo organizationPlay a key role in people-related initiatives including recruiting, onboarding, performance reviews, training, career advancement, etc. As an Analytics lead, you'll drive critical business decisions, build out our analytical capabilities, and work on perplexing problems. You'll be a thought leader for a small team and work to surpass goals through site optimization of data and experimentation. Day-to-Day ResponsibilitiesLeading a team of analysts and ensure proper development and growth in their careersProvide strategy and recommendations for your team and clientsDesign and analyze experiments to support product developmentDefine and evaluate key metrics and understand what moves them and whyWhat we're looking for7+ years of experience in business analytics, consulting, data science, and/or business intelligence1-2 years experience managing a small teamSQL guru, and working knowledge of Python or RPassionate about data quality and consistencyValues quality and reproducibility as a cornerstone of data scienceStrong analytical intuition and business acumenAbility to articulate insights, influence the decision making process, all the while successfully building productive working relationships with cross functional teamsAbility to manage competing priorities into a roadmap and align a team around these initiatives with a focus on impact We know the confidence gap and imposter syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates. Please don't hesitate to apply."
3055963540 1 136 3.8 "201 to 500 employees" "Internet" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Type: Full TimeWho we are: We are Dataminr. We deliver real-time, actionable alerts that are derived from vast amounts of publicly available information. Our clients are the first to know about high-impact events and critical breaking information, giving them the opportunity to act faster and stay one step ahead when every second counts. We are a mission-driven company committed to the power of real-time information as a force for good in the world.  Our groundbreaking AI and machine learning technology cuts through the noise in an increasingly complex landscape by detecting, classifying, and determining the significance of public information. Headquartered in NYC, Dataminr has revolutionized the way that global news, finance, public sector, corporate security and PR/communications professionals know and act on critical, relevant information to protect people, assets and brands.  Along the way, we've grown to over 450 talented employees across six global offices, raised over $570 million from leading venture and growth technology investors, and been referred to as the \"super tool of journalists and hedge funds.\" We've received numerous awards and accolades from our clients, including recognition from CNBC as one of the world's 50 most disruptive private technology companies in 2016 and joining Forbes' definitive list of the top 100 private cloud companies in the world, in 2017 and 2018.  A career at Dataminr offers the ability to make a meaningful impact at a rapidly growing tech company with a startup culture, while being supported by the experience of a company founded in 2009. We value ownership, curiosity and drive on an individual level and live these values every day. We empower everyone to have a voice at the table and regularly invest in professional development. Our culture promotes cross team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it enables us to do our best work and have fun. Who you are: You're an experienced and technical Senior Business Intelligence Analyst interested in applying your quantitative skills to challenging questions within a data-intensive, information SAAS business that drives innovation across multiple sectors. You have worked closely with senior executives in a highly analytical role (data analysis and visualization, business or marketing analysis, optimization problems) understanding and refining key metrics and their relationships to measure business success. You develop warm relationships with stakeholders and enjoy helping them understand metric trade-offs as you drive influential decisions forward and create impactful change. You excel when you are extracting meaning from complex and big datasets and you have ample technical experience with optimizing SQL, BI platforms, and using Python and R to transform granular event data into aggregated insights [bonus for experience with Spark, SCALA, Redshift, Vertica or Presto]. You communicate your insights both verbally and visually, you are comfortable managing your own work while juggling multiple priorities in a rapidly-growing organization and you naturally build effective partnerships across organizational and functional boundaries in order to deliver high-quality and impactful results. The opportunity: Data Analysts at Dataminr continuously improve the accuracy and efficiency of our analytics and reporting infrastructure. We drive process optimizations forward and provide an analytical framework for the insights that inform product, marketing, sales, and business decisions across the company. This is an opportunity to shape the next generation of our analytics platform including the evaluation of AI features. You'll work to refine what we measure and how we interpret and use that data to inform business decisions. To do this, you'll use a combination of 3rd party and homegrown BI tooling to transform raw data into meaningful insights informed by best practices in data governance and analytical techniques. You'll identify metrics that enable high quality understanding of the performance of the company's key initiatives and then work with our BI and Analytics Engineers to implement the corresponding custom metrics, dashboards and tooling that measure and track performance. You'll work with individual teams to enhance their use of data to improve efficiencies and you'll continually teach what you learn to others.  In the first month, you'll start off by learning the ropes, spending time with different parts of the company to understand how Dataminr works.get up to speed on our company metrics, our data structures and our BI tooling with overview sessions and deep dives with your team.contribute code to production systems. Within 3 months, you'll: Help to plan new metrics and refinements to existing metrics.share responsibility for BI projects with other members of your team.begin to take more of a role in helping others understand our BI strategy. Within 6 months, you'll: own BI initiatives that impact multiple teams.be influential in helping plan the next iterations of our BI tooling.bring new ideas to our engineering and BI processes to help us improve constantly.The way we work: To maintain our momentum, we need a talented, diverse team of people committed to the idea that real-time information can be a force for good in the world. We take initiative, ownership, and are accountable.We work urgently and thoughtfully and are driven to constantly improve.We share knowledge, consider varied perspectives, and assume positive intent.We are commercially minded and deliver measurable results.We maintain a sense of humor and humility.Our offering of competitive benefits and perks include:Company paid benefits for employees and their dependents, such as medical, dental, vision, disability and lifeFlexible spending account to be used for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses401(k) savings plan with company matchingGenerous leaveDaily catered lunchA kitchen fully stocked with snacks and beveragesDiscounted Gym MembershipDataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.#LI-ID"
3055966601 0 119 3.1 "51 to 200 employees" "Financial Transaction Processing" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "About Us Venmo was founded on the principles of breaking down the intimidating barriers around financial transactions to make them intuitive, friendly, and even fun. And it worked: people love sending money with Venmo, and we’re growing by leaps and bounds!  But we’re only just getting started. We want to take that magic of sending money with Venmo and cascade it into every place where people use money. That means connecting people to their money in the most intuitive and fun way possible, then connecting people with each other. Users already love Venmo, but we know there are lots of things we haven’t thought of to make the experience of using Venmo even more delightful and valuable. All that’s going to take a lot of figuring out. Let’s figure it out together! Data Analytics at Venmo Analytics plays a crucial role across Venmo. We approach problems inquisitively and with a desire to find solutions in our data. We believe that Analytics should drive business decisions across the company in order to keep our product simple, joyful, and delightful. The RoleResponsible for managing a team to drive the data driven decisions for a core business initiative at VenmoMotivate, lead, coach, and mentor team of analystsEnsure the timely delivery of data initiatives while continually raising the barEncourage technical and organizational innovation while managing realistic deadlinesFoster a collaborative attitude within the team and across the broader Venmo organizationPlay a key role in people-related initiatives including recruiting, onboarding, performance reviews, training, career advancement, etc. As an Analytics lead, you’ll drive critical business decisions, build out our analytical capabilities, and work on perplexing problems. You’ll be a thought leader for a small team and work to surpass goals through site optimization of data and experimentation. Day-to-Day ResponsibilitiesLeading a team of analysts and ensure proper development and growth in their careersProvide strategy and recommendations for your team and clientsDesign and analyze experiments to support product developmentDefine and evaluate key metrics and understand what moves them and whyWhat we’re looking for7+ years of experience in business analytics, consulting, data science, and/or business intelligence1-2 years experience managing a small teamSQL guru, and working knowledge of Python or RPassionate about data quality and consistencyValues quality and reproducibility as a cornerstone of data scienceStrong analytical intuition and business acumenAbility to articulate insights, influence the decision making process, all the while successfully building productive working relationships with cross functional teamsAbility to manage competing priorities into a roadmap and align a team around these initiatives with a focus on impact We know the confidence gap and imposter syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates. Please don't hesitate to apply."
3056785630 1 89 3.5 "51 to 200 employees" "Internet" "$2 to $5 billion (USD) per year" " As a division of IAC (Nasdaq: IAC), IACA Mobile brings together a unique collection of award-winning mobile technology companies to form one of the largest developers of mobile applications in the world. From language (iTranslate) to communications (RoboKiller) to fitness (Daily Burn) to utilities (NOAA Weather Radar), IACA Mobiles companies count millions of subscribers and have hundreds of millions of downloads annually.  Apalon is a leading developer of Android and iOS mobile applications for businesses and consumers. With one of the most popular app portfolios in the world, Apalons products reach more than 20 million monthly active users and include well-known titles such as WeatherLive, NOAA Radar, My Alarm Clock, Emoji Keypad and many more. A unique blend of passion and skills are at the core of our companys DNA, driving our team to produce top-rated, award-winning mobile experiences for millions of people around the world. In 2015, Apalon applications were downloaded from iTunes more than 100 million times. The role Reporting to the Director of BI & Analytics, the Business Intelligence Analyst must have a strong understanding of mobile app implementation best practices across a variety of third party SDKs for both tracking, advertising, and attribution purposes. The candidate must demonstrate experience or capacity to deliver integrations in reporting across IAC Apps mobile companies. In order to succeed, you will need to collaborate and align with product and marketing stakeholders to translate end-customer into concrete analytics deliverables implemented into our applications. The Analytics Business Analyst should be proactively addressing, documenting, and aligning integrations hand in hand with developers to deliver business objectives across functional areas. ResponsibilitiesDocument, maintain, and extend existing mobile analytics and 3rd party tags/tools, including: Firebase, Adjust, Mixpanel, etc.Implement tagging for new site content and functionality while adhering to existing implementations and following vendor and industry best practicesMust be able to identify gaps in the current data capture strategy and collaboratively apply enhancements; Work with internal teams to identify data enrichment opportunitiesSupport Analytics, Data Engineering, and Data Science teams throughout each phase of the ETL and analysis process, including QA of new data implementationWrite and manage user stories and acceptance criteria pertaining to analytics implementationsProactively engage with product to track user behavior using available data to recommend improvements on the websiteKeep up to date on 3rd party tool upgrades/changes in order to proactively ensure data continuity. Report any potential impacts to internal teamsBe an expert at the data structure and metrics of the various data sources (be able to explain how/why they differ from one another)Required Skills3+ years experience implementing digital systems2+ years experience administering Mobile Analytics Infrastructure (MixPanel, Firebase, Segment, Flurry, etc.)2+ years working with 3rd party/vendor APIs & client SDKs2+ years SQL experienceExperience with ETL tools and their usage, with a variety of source system platforms3+ years in a data analytics, reporting, data science or business intelligence role with an ability to blend and analyze multiple data setsFamiliarity with A/B and MVT testing principles (Optimizely, LeanPlum, etc.)Familiarity with data visualization tools (Tableau, Looker, Power BI, etc.)Passion for mobile applications with a solid understanding of interactive channelsExcellent verbal and written communication skills, including expert Excel and data display presentation*We embrace our diversity and strive to create an inclusive environment for all."
3062194661 1 116 3 "501 to 1000 employees" "Internet" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " Zocdoc is the tech company at the beginning of a better healthcare experience. Every day, we are driven by our mission to give power to the patient, building products and services that simplify and streamline the overall healthcare journey for patients and providers, delivering the modern healthcare experience they expect and deserve. Our forward-thinking approach prioritizes collaboration, agility, and continuous learning in service of our long-term vision. This has helped us drive significant innovation in a complex, slow-moving industry, and our talented team is looking for impact-minded individuals to join us as we continue to reimagine the healthcare experience.  Zocdoc is seeking an ambitious, detail-oriented individual to work with our Business Intelligence and Product Management teams. You will be responsible for partnering closely with our Product Management teams to define, execute and manage that team’s data and analytics strategy.  You will use a scientific approach to help teams identify what aspects of their business lines are most important, and how to improve them. This job will not only entail reporting and analysis, but also data-pipeline development and maintenance.  What You’ll Do: Collaborate with business partners to drive their data strategy, which includes; managing KPIs and funnel metrics with associated reporting; deep dive analysis to perform root cause investigations and opportunity sizing; AB test support.Write queries and code to extract relevant data from various platforms.Collaborate with other analysts to maintain our dashboards, ensuring they are up-to-date, accurate, and fair representations of product performance.Automate and streamline existing analytics processes to maximize efficiency.Help ensure that data is accurate and consistent throughout the organization.Train teams how to leverage our data tools and assess whether their conclusions are valid.Work with engineering teams in tracking events that are critical to measuring company performance.Clearly communicate your findings to a range of stakeholders to inform and educate them What’s Required: 3+ years experience working with large data sets to extract and surface actionable findings.Degree in engineering, science, statistics, economics, finance or related technical field.Experience communicating to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.Proven track record of forming and executing on high-level business strategy.Advanced Excel skills including pivot tables, macros, charts, functions, and VBA modeling.Proficiency with SQL.Experience with data modeling in Tableau, Looker or data visualization tool.Experience with a Customer Data Platform tool is a plus (mParticle, Segment).Knowledge of Spark or Hive is a plus.MBA is a plus.Experience with Python or R a plus.Experience in Marketing and/or Ad Tech a plus.About the Data Science Team  Zocdoc’s Data Science department is a team of curious, analytical humans who want to know the meaning of things. With the latest, greatest Big Data-processing engines, we distill the millions of patient-doctor interactions that happen every day into invaluable, healthcare-transforming insights. Working closely with BizOps and Product Engineering, we inform the decisions that allow Zocdoc to grow and do its job better—from helping our partners build healthy markets to inventing products that patients and providers can truly appreciate."
3063256953 0 90.264 2.9 "501 to 1000 employees" "Internet" "$100 to $500 million (USD) per year" " Are you looking to build your career in a fast-paced, innovative industry? Are you interested in joining a dynamic, global team of A-players? The Business Analyst is a critical, high visibility, global role in which the individual will have opportunity to shape the science behind the art of sales and work cross-functionally across multiple teams including finance, marketing, systems and sales.  This is a highly analytical, detail-oriented position based in NYC which requires the ability to build forecasts, determine the types of data points needed to answer business critical questions, prepare analysis and presentations, and draw actionable insights from large amounts of data from multiple data sources. We're looking for someone highly motivated and collaborative with an interest in media technology to join our growing team. The Business Analyst will report to the VP of Global Sales Strategy and Operations and be responsible for: What you'll do:Pipeline analysis and forecasting: Deeply understand and use platform, P&L, and Salesforce data to build accurate forecasts, pipeline analyses, and reports; partner with finance and marketing as needed to align on reporting parameters; deliver pipeline, revenue and cost analyses and forecasts on a regular cadence for multiple product lines, regions, and countriesAnalytic deep dives and insights: Conduct ad hoc analyses using platform, P&L, and Salesforce to deep dive into business issues; identify trends; draw actionable insights; build and distribute reports, dashboards, and presentations to communicate findingsPresentations: Prepare exec level presentations (regional MD and CRO) leveraging charts and tables of relevant data to validate hypothesesProblem-solving: Develop creative ways to answer business critical questions using data we have and determining what data we don't have and how we can obtain itWhat you'll need:4+ years experience in sales operations or equivalentExpertise building and using SFDC reporting and forecasting, experience using BI software to build reports and exporting data for analysis, and experience working with P&L dataHigh-functioning, fast-learning, organized team player; able to manage multiple requests in a timely manner under tight timelinesCross-functional collaboration experienceExcel/Google Sheets and Google Slides expertAttention to detailStrong communicationInterest in advertising/media technology About Integral Ad Science   Integral Ad Science (IAS) is a global technology and data company that builds verification, optimization, and analytics solutions to empower the advertising industry to effectively influence consumers everywhere, on every device. We solve the most pressing problems for brands, agencies, publishers, and technology companies by verifying that every impression has the opportunity to be effective, optimizing towards opportunities to consistently improve results, and analyzing digital's impact on consumer actions. Built on data science and engineering, IAS is headquartered in New York with global operations in ten countries. Our growth and innovation have been recognized in Inc. 500, Crain's Fast 50, Forbes America's Most Promising Companies, and I-COM's Smart Data Marketing Technology Company. IAS was also named to Crain's Best Places to Work in NYC for the past four years, Great Companies to Work For in NYS, and AdAge's list of Best Places to Work in the US the past two years.  To learn more about us, please visit www.integralads.com or http://bit.ly/glassdoorIAS Equal Opportunity Employer:IAS is an equal opportunity employer, committed to our diversity and inclusiveness. We will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, nationality, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, disability or age. We strongly encourage women, people of color, members of the LGBTQIA community, people with disabilities and veterans to apply. Attention agency/3rd party recruiters: IAS does not accept any unsolicited resumes or candidate profiles. If you are interested in becoming an IAS recruiting partner, please send an email introducing your company to recruitingagencies@integralads.com. We will get back to you if there's interest in a partnership. #LI-SK2"
3064527371 0 117 3.8 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Stock Exchanges" "$2 to $5 billion (USD) per year" " An exciting opportunity exists for a proven senior business analyst to join a dynamic professional services team with focus on implementing our leading GRC solutions. The BWise software application is the cornerstone of Nasdaq's GRC technology portfolio offering a wide range of GRC functional capabilities for risk management, internal audit, internal control, information security and regulatory compliance.  As a Lead Business Analyst you will have to understand business issues and drivers in the GRC industry and have thorough understanding of the BWise software. Primary responsibilities will be to lead design sessions with clients, document business/functional design for the BWise software and align these with an implementation plan which solves the business issues of the client. The BA should be able to communicate with members from all levels of the customer’s organization including C-Level executives, directors, managers, and analysts. The lead BA works closely with the project manager to define the software implementation approach and provides quality assurance for the product analysts who will be implementing the software.Responsibilities include:Support management in scoping, executing and delivering a variety of GRC software implementation projectsCollect customer requirements and translate them into a design;Draft the business and functional design for the Nasdaq BWise solution which solves the business needs of the client;Develop estimates used for Statements of Work for both new and existing customers;Conduct demonstrations of the Nasdaq BWise software on a functional level;Build and maintain strong client relationships and provide clients GRC solution expertise;Lead the design phase of the project and provide oversight during the software configuration, testing, and deployment phases when required;Provide input into project schedule, risks, scope of work and budget;Ensure that the product analysts and subcontractors have a clear understanding of client requirements.Skills and requirements:Experience in deploying technology solutions to address challenges and grow organizational capabilitiesBackground in business requirements gathering and analysis with an ability to communicate the information to both technical and non-technical professionals.Experience with the assessment, design or implementation of risk management, internal audit, internal control, information security and/or compliance programs.Knowledge of principles of GRC concepts and risk management or control frameworks (e.g. COSO, ISO, COBIT, OCEG, etc.) and familiarity with regulatory compliance models (i.e. SOX, HIPAA, etc.). Hardworking, with exceptional presentation and communications skillsEducation, Professional Accomplishments and CertificationsEducation Required: Degree qualified in Computer Science, Business/Finance or related discipline, or equivalent work experience. Post graduate degree in a related discipline.Experience Required: At least 10 years.Minimum 5 years of work experience in the GRC industry with solid understanding of and/or implementation experience with enterprise GRC software solutions. Industry related certification(s) preferred.Tools & Systems: GRC applications, MS Office, Visio, and an understanding of Business Intelligence Reporting (SAP Business Objects), is a plus.Travel Whilst Nasdaq BWise is respectful of our employees’ work / life balance candidates should be fully prepared to travel to customer locations throughout the United States with occasional international travel. Nasdaq is an equal opportunity employer. We positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of age, color, disability, national origin, ancestry, race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, veteran status, genetic information or any other status protected by applicable law."
3064527372 0 117 3.9 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Stock Exchanges" "$2 to $5 billion (USD) per year" " Nasdaq brings together ingenuity, integrity and insights to the global market place and is committed to creating an engaging work environment that empowers creativity and innovation, develops personal and professional growth, and fully utilizes the abilities of our employees. You will be surrounded by talented colleagues in an entrepreneurial, high-energy environment.With one of the most experienced teams in the industry globally, Nasdaq Advisory Services delivers shareholder analysis, a comprehensive view of trading and investor activity and insights into investor behavior providing clients with meaningful data and analysis to manage their investor relations outreach efforts. Our Nasdaq Advisory Services Equity Surveillance team serves clients in all sectors and regions worldwide and help clients stay informed with detailed data and analysis about the latest activity of the institutional shareholder base, understand the performance of the sector or stock, and ensure clients are prepared to answer management’s questions. The Healthcare Nasdaq Advisory Services group is hiring an Analyst to join the high performing team. A typical day will include:  ·Direct engagement with IRO and C-Suite executive clients on what is driving their specific stock, sector and broader market  ·Generation of recurring reports covering stock and shareholder movement along with identifying and summarizing key themes/trends  ·Consult clients on various topics including IR best practices, investor engagement and navigating the institutional landscape  ·Assist clients with Ad-hoc requests including technical analysis, fundamental analysis, peer comparison, board materials, etc.  ·On the job training by shadowing and assisting senior analysts on client accounts  Ideal characteristics include: High level of attention to detail and ability to produce C-Suite and Board ready reportsAbility to thrive and contribute in a team environment.Extremely responsive/proactive attitudeAbility to analyze large amount of data and summarize findings in concise mannerFundamental interest and understanding of the equity marketsAbility to form independent judgmentsExcellent verbal and written communicationAbility to balance multiple tasks and projects simultaneously Requirements:  Education Required: Business, Finance or Economics Degree  Experience Required: at least 1 year  Special Qualifications: Proficiency in MS Office Tools – MS Outlook, Excel, MS Word, Adobe Pro Nasdaq is an equal opportunity employer. We positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of age, color, disability, national origin, ancestry, race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, veteran status, genetic information or any other status protected by applicable law."
3064645222 0 83 4 "10000+ employees" "Colleges & Universities" "$2 to $5 billion (USD) per year" " The College of Dental Medicine's (CDM) three-fold mission is to educate dental students, provide comprehensive outpatient dental care, and conduct research. There are approximately 430 faculty, 410 students/residents, and nearly 200 staff.  The Business intelligence Reporting Analyst will work in a small application development team and will initially be responsible for developing complex dashboard and reporting solutions that will sometimes require the build out of new data structures and models to achieve performance characteristics. The incumbent will work directly with end users to understand their requirements which will require strong interpersonal and analytical skills and a desire to solve users' problems. Reporting solutions may be built to meet administrative, financial, educational or management goals with a primary focus on the patient care clinic. Over time it is expected that the reporting analyst will next develop database administration (DBA) skills expanding responsibilities to perform such tasks. The opportunity also exists for the right candidate to expand responsibilities to become a full stack software engineer."
3065122189 0 80 3.8 "10000+ employees" "Consumer Products Manufacturing" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" " Colgate-Palmolive is a leading global consumer products company, tightly focused on Oral Care, Personal Care, Home Care and Pet Nutrition. Colgate sells its products in over 200 countries and territories around the world under such internationally recognized brand names as Colgate, Palmolive, Speed Stick, Lady Speed Stick, Softsoap, Irish Spring, Protex, Sorriso, Kolynos, elmex, Tom’s of Maine, Sanex, Ajax, Axion, Fabuloso, Soupline and Suavitel, as well as Hill’s Science Diet, Hill’s Prescription Diet and Hill’s Ideal Balance.  For more information about Colgate’s global business, visit the Company’s web site at http://www.colgatepalmolive.com. To learn more about Colgate Bright Smiles, Bright Futures® oral health education program, please visit http://www.colgatebsbf.com. To learn more about Hill's and the Hill’s Food, Shelter & Love program please visit hillspet.com. To learn more about Tom’s of Maine please visit http://www.tomsofmaine.com.  Location: New York, New York, United States  No Relocation Assistance Offered  # 71507 Job Summary As a Business Analyst, you'll play a key part of the Colgate Oral Pharmaceuticals Analytics Team providing support in North America Professional business analysis, sales reporting, and field business support. You'll be responsible for providing reporting and analysis of sales data for the North America Professional Business, providing key insights to the COP Commercial Team. Some key responsibilities of this position include SAP system support and pricing management, Bex reporting, E-commerce support, territory alignments, ad-hoc analytics, and numerous other projects.  This role will interface with Senior Sales Management on a consistent basis in order to enhance and drive overall top-line sales and strategies. Roles & Responsibilities The incumbent will work within SAP to manage the categories and respective pricing. Deal directly with the North America Professional team to develop and analyze various reports and projects to aid in the organizations understanding of sales activity and trending. This would include scheduling and running of SAP- Business Warehouse (BW) reports, review and report against organizational key performance indicators (KPI’s), as well as, other various project-specific demands. In addition to these responsibilities, the incumbent will support and manage the following key business operations, but not limited to: SAP support & maintenance (40%)SAP Territory & Segmentation maintenanceSAP Product & Pricing structuresProgram High Volume account specific pricingSAP Report creationSAP developer guidanceSAP CRM supportSAP troubleshooting & coordination with technical teamsBusiness Analysis (40%)Recurring trend reportingAd-Hoc analyticsTargetingTB Plan/ Free Goods OptimizationOther Support (20%)Issue the critical field communicationsField troubleshooting coordinatorE-commerce support & technical coordinationProcess documentation & validationRequired:Bachelor’s degreeProven SAP skills (proficiency in SAP-R3/BI preferred)Strong Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint skillsExpected areas of Skill, Knowledge, and AbilityData research and analysisStrong analyticsProject managementWritten & verbal communication skills This posittion is based in NY Park Avenue Offices  Are you interested in working for Colgate-Palmolive? You can apply to work with us using this online application. Attach all relevant documents such as a cover letter and resume or CV. Applications received by e-mail are not considered in the selection process.  Become part of our team. We look forward to your application.  Equal Opportunity Employer  Colgate is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law."
3066054804 0 80 3.4 "51 to 200 employees" "Brokerage Services" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " TS, the leading global provider of multi-asset trading systems to the buy-side, sell-side and trading platforms, has provided connectivity and execution management services to the global financial markets for nearly two decades. From our multi-asset class electronic trading platforms to our market data to our global financial cloud infrastructure, we are the industry’s most comprehensive and compliant technology suite available to the investment management community.  A job is never just a job, and we recognize that at TS. At TS we are passionate about employee engagement and make it our business to provide our employees a range of challenging and rewarding opportunities that align with business strategy and promote team work and inspire innovation.  We have successfully built a company culture based on our single most important asset – our employees. Our passion for continuous growth and innovative approach have allowed us to become the company we are today. We believe our employees should have the opportunity to grow and be part of a company that is making a lasting contribution to the financial markets.  We challenge our employees every day to think creatively and innovate across silos and across platforms.  Join us! analyze and seek information from large quantity of datadesign and create data visualization using Tableauwork with business users, clients and IT for data mining, delivery and representationsupport and maintain our BI platformstrong and creative Tableau development (2+ years) experiencestrong relational database SQL (3+ years) experienceexcellent analytics and communication skillresourceful and independent, able to solve complex issuesalways willing to learn and research for new technologysome light programing experience (Java, Python or Perl) preferredpreferred but not require: familiar with financial industry"
3067018878 0 83 3.6 "10000+ employees" "Banks & Credit Unions" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" "Position liaises closely with the Banks other operations in Canada, Europe and the U.S. to assist in meeting the Banks objectives.  Develops an institutional investor base in the U.S. to fund the Bank and to place U.S. and Canadian money market positions.  Strict adherence personally and at a desk level to the firm's procedures.  Understands and complies with TD Policies, regulatory and compliance requirements.  Ensures that transactions are fully documented and processed accurately and in a timely manner.  Communicates bank policy information and strategy between the product head and relevant trading personnel.  Fully informed on market data, economic information and key industry developments as well as regulatory standards at all times to assist in maximizing profitability through sound trading decisions.  Develops and maintains contacts.  Responsible for executing the ongoing trading exception report reviews for Money Markets Sales NY.  Understands the approved Business Strategies (Strategic Business Reviews SBRs), applicable to the business, and ensures that all of your business dealings are in alignment with these strategies.  Follows Credit Risk Policies and procedures, as they apply to the business and is responsible for being aware of and understanding such policies and procedures and ensuring that applicable sales and trading activity is in line with those policies.  Demonstrates governance, control and risk management behaviors in alignment with TD policies and practices. Job Requirements Must be detail oriented and possess problem-solving skills. Must be able to work independently with minimal supervision and establish priorities.  Proficient in interpersonal communication (both oral and written), and have the ability to communicate effectively with all levels of staff and management. Qualifications Undergraduate degree in Business (Accounting or Finance) or Mathematics/Economics  Series 7 and 63  5-7 Years of related experience InclusivenessAt TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live in and serve, and creating an environment where every employee has the opportunity to reach her/his potential.  If you are a candidate with a disability and need an accommodation to complete the application process, email the TD Bank US Workplace Accommodations Program at USWAPTDO@td.com . Include your full name, best way to reach you, and the accommodation needed to assist you with the application process.  EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.*Province/State (Primary) New York City (Primary) New York City"
3069544542 0 94 4 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Position Summary:This position is responsible for focusing efforts in the US region, maintain a productive communication channel with European and Asian based teams and contribute to the efficiency, productivity and success of Fixed Income Front Office systems.Job ID: IP-IT-181220805Function: ITRoles and Responsibilities:Business Analyst for change for the integration of Fixed Income division support platformUnderstand and capture business requirements front-to-back from Investment and Portfolio Management Teams or OperationsSupport projects and future onboarding for the Fixed Income teamsDrive forward innovation and system harmonization considering non-functional and regulatory requirementsContribute to solution design and decision processes including adequate documentationWork in international project and change environments, closely with colleagues in investment, IT and Operations as well as external contractors and off-shore service providersQualification and Skills:Required :Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Math, Science, Engineering, or Business AdministrationMinimum of three to seven years in a similar business analyst role, preferably in an international project driven environmentPrior experience of Fixed Income and Asset ManagementFamiliar with Microsoft SQLGood understanding of software developmentGood interpersonal and communication skillsInternational travelPreferred :Experience in Project ManagementAdditional Hiring Criteria:Closing Date: Thursday, 31 January 2019  Read LessWe offer an attractive, performance-related compensation package and cultivate a productive and enjoyable atmosphere which is pervaded by team spirit. Your personal development is of particular importance for us. Did we spark your interest? If so, we look forward to receiving your application.  We are an Equal Opportunity Employer Apply Now"
3069593591 0 94 3.9 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Stock Exchanges" "$2 to $5 billion (USD) per year" " An exciting opportunity exists for a proven Product Analyst to join a dynamic professional services team with focus on implementing our leading GRC solutions. The BWise software application is the cornerstone of Nasdaq's GRC technology portfolio offering a wide range of GRC functional capabilities for risk management, internal audit, internal control, information security and regulatory compliance.  As a Product Analyst, you will be responsible for implementing the BWise software, in order to achieve a smooth working application, which satisfies customer requirements. Provides customized implementation services for the BWise software suite, including the modification and improvement of existing business processes;Implements BWise software for national and international companies within the banking, insurance, finance, consumer products industriesAssists senior business consultants during customer workshops to define the detailed product requirements.Configures and customizes the BWise software in an effective manner, within the boundaries of the project plan and the agreed functional requirements.Assists in the installation and technical setup of the platform, onsite at clients or through a remote connectionPrepares and gives product related training to customers (end-users and administrators) using BWise and industry best practices, in order to achieve well-trained users who are able to use and maintain the product.Gives presentations and leads product walkthrough sessions, within the boundaries of personal targets, in order to fully demonstrate the configured product and transfer customer specific knowledge .Pro-actively keeps knowledge and skills up-to-date in order to be able to perform an excellent job.Performs administrate tasks on-time and makes sure the information given is precise and complete, according to regulations, in order to keep the administration accurate and precise.Assists in delivering functional, technical or project information to sales that can be used as input for commercial proposals or as information documents.Education Required:Bachelor Degree qualified in Computer Science, Business/Finance or related discipline, or equivalent work experience.Special Qualifications:Knowledge of SQL language is a preferenceKnowledge of HTML and XML with Interest in Java/ Java Script or other programming languages is a preferenceExperience and a strong interest in enterprise software implementation and process management is requiredExperience with BWise or other GRC software solutions is an advantageMinimum of 3-5 years of consulting experienceLocation and Travel: This is a work from home position which provides some flexibility but also requires some travel. Whilst Nasdaq is respectful of our employees’ work / life balance candidates should be fully prepared to travel to Nasdaq offices and customer locations throughout the United States with occasional international travel. Nasdaq is an equal opportunity employer. We positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of age, color, disability, national origin, ancestry, race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, veteran status, genetic information or any other status protected by applicable law."
3071757287 1 112 3.9 "1 to 50 employees" "Internet" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "OkCupid is looking to hire a technical Business Intelligence Analyst!OkCupid is looking for a BI Analyst to contribute to our data-driven organization. We enjoy working on a product that helps millions of people find love and get a great sense of satisfaction in seeing our hard work make a difference. If that's the kind of thing that appeals to you, you're probably a good fit for OkCupid!In this role, you will:Analyze company performance across Product, Marketing, Finance, and moreDesign and create intuitive yet scalable reports, dashboards and visualizations that business owners can rely on to drive business processesPrepare trend analysis and investigative reporting for product teams and senior managementEnable our analytics by developing data models and empowering our BI tools.Work with product owners to test new features in the product and analyze the performance of your experimentsHelp us better understand the business of love!We're looking for:3+ years' experience using SQL with any databaseExperience with at least one BI Tool (Looker, Tableau, Power BI, etc)Experience with at least one statistical programming language: Python, R, SAS, Julia (Python Preferred)Strong analytical skills and the ability to turn unstructured problems into easily digestible analysis and conclusionsBachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or Engineering related field a plusExtra points for experience with data warehousing and big data toolsWhat are some perks?Competitive salary and full benefits, including Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401kWorkstation and tools of your choicePaid attendance to conferencesRegularly catered lunch and a bomb shelter stockpile of snacks and drinksCompany funded happy hours/eventsA sunny office full of incredibly curious and friendly peopleOkCupid is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are deeply committed to fostering an inclusive environment for all employees."
3072797109 1 91 3.4 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " Point72’s Market Intelligence Data group conducts compliant, proprietary fundamental research powered by advanced data analytics to help inform investment decisions at Point72. We value simplicity, transparency, collaboration, and quality in our process, products, and in our Long-/Short- investment team interactions.  The MI Data Customer Success works to continuously improve Market Intelligence Data products to better match data and analysis to the underlying business, interacts with fundamental Long-/Short- investment teams, ensures product quality, and manages research operations.  What you’ll do  As an operations generalist in MI Data, you will: Ensure that end-users of Point72 investment research can rely on a high-quality data product, and help them apply those products in their investment processSupport users in answering questions, addressing issuesCoordinate the process of recurring data product releases to end-users across data scientists, platform developers, and vendorsPerform ongoing quality assuranceWork with data vendors and MI Data platform developers to optimally integrate data into our processes, and to address issuesCommunicate product changes and product release status to end-usersHelp to improve alternative data-based investment research products, by working with data scientists to better make the connection between a company’s business fundamentals and our data What’s required  We want you to join us if you have exceptional attention to detail, a good understanding of business / financial knowledge. Other requirements include: Ability to manage multiple tasks and deadlines in a fast-paced environmentStrong verbal and written communication skillsBachelors degree in business, accounting, finance, engineering/computer science, or similar disciplineKnowledge of databases (e.g., SQL), or interest to get up to speed quicklyTrack record of strong academic and professional performanceHighest ethical standards, and a customer-first mindset2-3 years of Sector specific experience is ideal (Healthcare, TMT, Industrials, Consumer) An ideal candidate would have in addition (not required): Exposure to quantitative analysis / statistics through college coursework or professional experience~1 years of experience at an investment firm, financial services firm, financial data provider, or a financial technology firmExperience with quality assurance (or in a role that required strong attention to detail) at provider of financial data, especially in investment signals, would make you an ideal candidate We take care of our people  We invest in our people, their careers, their health, and their well-being. We want you to concentrate on success and leave the rest to us. When you work here, we provide: Fully-paid health care benefitsGenerous parental and family leave policiesMental and physical wellness programsTuition assistanceA 401(k) savings program with an employer match and more About Point72  Point72 is a global asset management firm led by Steven Cohen that uses Discretionary Long/Short, Macro, and Systematic strategies to invest in eight offices across the globe. We look for people who want to build a career with us – people who want to innovate, experiment, and be the best at what they do – while adhering to the highest ethical standards."
3075557377 1 120 3.7 "201 to 500 employees" "Internet" "$50 to $100 million (USD) per year" "Small Teams; Big DataAt Tapad, we look for individuals who see complex and difficult work as a challenge. We want to work with people who share interesting solutions to those challenges; solutions informed by their unique experiences, passions, and expertise.  Tapad is looking for a deeply thoughtful and capable Senior Business Intelligence Analyst to join our small but growing team. We offer a data-rich context for Senior BI Analysts to apply classical statistical and advanced analytics to deliver actionable business insights for our internal business partners and external clients. The candidate is passionate about big data and eager to learn and apply a variety of data science skills including, statistical modeling, machine learning and data management techniques to real-world problems. This role is part of a small, hardworking team of pragmatic, productive data scientists who have created a culture of transparency and accountability which minimizes bureaucracy and meetings and maximizes developer freedom, autonomy and creative development time. For this role, we seek an individual that is driven, creative and an innovative thinker.  When you work with us, you matter. We ask our employees to make an impact, and feel it is only right to give a lot in return. We offer every employee a 401k with matching, generous parental leave, and unlimited PTO. We believe if you're sick, feel like you're getting sick, or just need a personal day, you should take that time to get better. We have free lunch every Wednesday, free bagels every Friday, and a free and open hierarchy every day. We hire slow and smart, making sure our office is full of individuals who can teach and learn from one another.Responsibilities:Partner with Data Scientists to identify important metrics and create reporting and analyses that support health monitoring and performance of our core machine learning-based products.Partner with stakeholders to understand core problems to our business and apply advanced statistical models to support business decisions.Effectively communicate insights and recommendations to our product and business development teams.Develop queries and analytics script logic to extract and transform data from our data sources for reporting and analytics purposes.Plan and implement end-to-end analyses and dashboard visualizations from requirement gathering to data processing, and modeling.Collaborate with Data Engineers to architect and develop data schemas that encapsulate aggregated large data metrics for reporting purposes.Technologies we Use:Scripting: Python and RData Retrieval: SQL and BigQueryVisualization and Dashboarding: TableauAnalytics: Excel and Google SheetsQualifications:Bachelor's or above in Math, Statistics, Physics, or any other quantitative discipline5+ years of experience as a Quantitative Analyst especially in applying advanced analytics and statistical modeling. Experience using machine learning techniques is a plus.Solid background in foundational mathematics such as statistics, probability and linear algebra.Experience manipulating large data sets using SQL.Experience building and maintaining analytics scripts in Python, R, or similar languages.Experience delivering analytics dashboards that communicate meaningful insights.A curiosity and aim to explore datasets and learn new statistics-based approaches to data.Ad-tech or advertising experience is a plus.Tapad is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants regardless of age, sex, race, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or family status, disability, or any other legally protected status."
3079171234 1 110 3.9 "1 to 50 employees" "Internet" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " OkCupid is looking to hire a technical Business Intelligence Analyst! OkCupid is looking for a BI Analyst to contribute to our data-driven organization. We enjoy working on a product that helps millions of people find love and get a great sense of satisfaction in seeing our hard work make a difference. If that's the kind of thing that appeals to you, you're probably a good fit for OkCupid! In this role, you will: Analyze company performance across Product, Marketing, Finance, and more Design and create intuitive yet scalable reports, dashboards and visualizations that business owners can rely on to drive business processes Prepare trend analysis and investigative reporting for product teams and senior management Enable our analytics by developing data models and empowering our BI tools. Work with product owners to test new features in the product and analyze the performance of your experiments Help us better understand the business of love!"
3080019496 1 145 3.9 "501 to 1000 employees" "TV Broadcast & Cable Networks" "$2 to $5 billion (USD) per year" " Data Scientist Apply Ref#: 32464 CBS Business Unit: Showtime Job Type: Full-Time Staff Job Schedule: Full-Time Job Location: New York, NY, USDescription:Showtime is seeking a data scientist to join its growing Data Strategy team. This role will report to the SVP, Data Strategy & Consumer Analytics and will work alongside members of Research, Consumer and Digital Marketing, Media and Product teams. The Data Strategy team was formed to build a robust analytics capability that can transform billions of customer data points into actionable machine learning models, analytical products and consumer insights to support marketing automation and data-driven decision making in every corner of our business.Specific Responsibilities:Developing innovative, scalable machine learning and data mining solutions that mine complex user behavioral data and transform it into actionable insightsExtensive code development, debugging, optimizing, and productionizingConducting ad hoc analysis, building models, forecasting viewing behaviorConstructing and presenting research ideas, prototypes and proofs of conceptsIdentifying, ingesting, and enriching a wide range of structured and unstructured big data into datasets for analysisDefining strategies and parameters for predictive models and data mining projects, ensuring data integrity and usabilityAnalyzing and evaluating model results, providing ongoing monitoring and improvementsStaying abreast of new developments in machine learning in order to investigate and develop new “challenger” approaches to compete against current “champions”Helping craft the long-term data strategy for the organization and advocating for the intelligent use of data throughout the businessQualifications:You LOVE data, programming and math. You have the attitude that whatever you do not know you can learn. You are an exceptional communicator with extensive experience presenting complex models and detailed analysis in simplified ways to non-technical staff. You have phenomenal Python and SQL coding skills (nearly developer level) and tons of experience with Big Data technologies and platforms (Pyspark, Hive and Hadoop). Your coding expertise is vital since we look to leverage automation in every way possible to maximize our reach and impact. Finally, you have a very sophisticated understanding of machine learning, statistics and data science principles and a proven record of successfully putting them into practice.Master's degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Data Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research or Physics3+ years of hands-on experience with machine learning, predictive modeling and statistical analysis techniques in a business environmentExceptional programming skills in Python (pandas, scikit-learn, statsmodels, IPython, matplotlib)Highly advanced SQL skills and experience with both relational and non-relational databasesExperience with additional programming languages and statistical platforms is a plus: R, Scala, Java, MATLAB, SAS, SPSS ModelerDeep experience in regression, classification models, bagging, boosting, decision trees, neural networks, support vector machines, dimensionality reduction, clustering and experimental designExpert user of Big Data technologies and platforms (PySpark, Hive and Hadoop) and data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau)Outstanding verbal and written communication skills and presentation skills with a sharp ability to simplify complex concepts and convey actionable solutionsAbout Us:SHOWTIME and its critically-acclaimed, award-winning original series continue to make their mark on the cultural landscape, with one of the most successful programming slates in all of television. With an impressive line-up of new and returning original series, the SHOWTIME hit dramas and comedies include HOMELAND, SHAMELESS, BILLIONS, RAY DONOVAN, THE AFFAIR, SMILF, THE CHI, KIDDING, ESCAPE AT DANNEMORA and BLACK MONDAY. Original series play a key part in the SHOWTIME programming mix, along with box office hits, comedy and music specials, provocative documentaries, and hard-hitting sports programming, including the flagship franchise SHOWTIME CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING® and the Emmy Award-winning veteran series INSIDE THE NFL. SHOWTIME is currently available to subscribers via cable, DBS and telco providers, and as a stand-alone streaming service through Amazon, Apple®, Google, LG Smart TVs, Oculus Go, Roku®, Samsung and Xbox One. Consumers can also subscribe to SHOWTIME via Amazon’s Prime Video Channels, DirecTV Now, FuboTV, Hulu, Sling TV, Sony PlayStation™ Vue, and YouTube TV. The network’s authentication service, SHOWTIME ANYTIME, is available at no additional cost to SHOWTIME customers who subscribe to the network through participating providers. Subscribers can also watch on their computers at www.showtime.com and www.showtimeanytime.com.EEO Statement:Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled Apply"
3081261689 0 84 3.8 "501 to 1000 employees" "IT Services" "$50 to $100 million (USD) per year" " We are looking for Data and Reporting Analyst for our client in New York, NY  Job Title: Data and Reporting Analyst  Job Location: New York, NY  Job Type: Contract Job Description: Solid knowledge of business data requirement gathering and analysis techniques  Deep understanding of complex data relationships associated to business processes  Ability to analyze reporting data requirements, produce data integration functional specifications and source to target mapping documents  Understanding of various data transfer and change data capture mechanisms  Understanding of error handling and data reconciliation processes  Ability to communicate technical information to non-technical audience  Knowledge and understanding of data models and database design  Knowledge of commercial underwriting business processes within property and liability insurance domains is highly desirable  Understanding of ISO and other bureau reporting is highly desirable  Understanding of policy administration system functionalities is desirable  Experience with testing of reporting outputs is required and exposure to COGNOS reporting is desirable  Working experience in a PEGA environment is desirable  Excellent customer facing, presentation and written communication skills  Analyze reporting requirements and source data structures to produce mapping specifications  Coordinate with business analysts to coordinate and resolve source data mapping issues  Create test scenarios to validate reporting output support defect analysis and triaging  Work with development teams to clarify questions  Coordinate with business stakeholders to ensure conformity of reporting outputs  Follow project timelines to ensure timely delivery and escalate risks and issues to project management teams"
3083363670 1 107 3.4 "501 to 1000 employees" "Consulting" "$50 to $100 million (USD)" "IntroductionAxtria is a global big data analytics company. We empower leaders across the Life Sciences and Financial Services industries to make better data-driven decisions.Our data analytics and software platforms support data science, commercial operations and cloud information management. We help to optimize business strategy by delivering cutting edge analytics from the broadest set of data sources, combined with deep technical and domain expertise. We enable commercial excellence by eliminating spreadsheets and delivering analytical guidance to the field through Axtria SalesIQ™, our cloud based sales planning and operations platform. We are leaders in managing data using the latest cloud information management and big data technologies.We have more than 900+ employees worldwide, we are growing rapidly, and we are proud to count 8 of the top 10 global Life Sciences companies and 2 of the Top 5 global banks as our customers. We serve clients with a high-touch on-site and onshore presence, leveraged by a global delivery platform. Success in the position requires a person who can engage with client stakeholders to understand their business problems, their data/technical landscape & recommend data driven solutions. Then work with clients to gather requirements, contribute to solution design, led implementation, alignment of solution to client needs and customer satisfaction.The position will be directly responsible for:- Lead development of architecture and standards for our data warehouses and data lakesHands on experience in working on Cloud platforms like AWS, Azure, GCPServe as the go-to person for Business Intelligence capabilities and available data setsGather requirements and work cross functionally across internal teamsCollaborate with Architect, build and launch new data models that provide intuitive analytics to data customersMentor and coach warehouse and data engineersBuild and maintain high-performance, fault-tolerant, secure, and scalable distributed software systemsDevelop expertise on Lifesciences data sets and lead their modeling to enable insightsImplement tools that helps your data customers to extract, analyze, and visualize data fasterEvaluate new technologies and build prototypes for continuous improvements in data infrastructure and engineeringDeep Pharma Domain experience. Understanding of various syndicated, specialty, marketing channels and associated datasetsExperience in one of these data massaging technologies – PySpark, AWS Glue, Informatica BDM.Required Skills & Experience5-10 years professional experience as a software developer, including experience as a technical leadLeading design and implementation of data warehouses and related technologiesExperience architecting and designing data modelsMastery of SQL and ETL techniquesDevelopment experience with an interpreted scripting languageBachelor’s degree in Computer Science or other technical field Desired experience:Healthcare provider experience, work with EHR/EMR data a plus.Project management experience desirableExperience in different phases of SDLC development desirable.Logistics and Location: -We are hiring for Berkeley Heights, NJ.U.S. Citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply.Flexibility to travel and/or relocate within the US as per project requirements. "
3083855886 1 96 3.7 "51 to 200 employees" "Health Care Services & Hospitals" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " We are recruiting for a Business Analyst to join the Business Intelligence team. You will own the analysis for multiple lines of business including pharmacy, sales, and member experience as well as understand market trends to support the company’s strategic development and growth. This role will have wide exposure to all departments and levels across the company. What you'll do...Responsible for driving the strategy for sales analytics, pharmacy management, and the patient treatment journeyEvaluate effectiveness of existing KPIs and develop new KPIs to measure organizational performance toward achieving revenue, quality and satisfaction targetsUnderstand business goals, know how to find the data measuring the effort put into meeting those goals, and analyze internal data to find trendsManage presentation of insights to key stakeholders in a way that is easy to understand and actionableBuild reports and dashboards in Power BI and Cognos (prior experience not required)RequirementsAbout you...0-2 years of relevant experience, preferably at a top-tier consulting firm or healthcare companyBachelor’s degree requiredAbility to analyze large sets of data (30M+ rows of data)Proficiency in Excel requiredProficiency in SQL preferredOrganized and methodical, strong attention to detailMust be analytical and possess excellent data manipulation skillsStrong written and verbal communication skillsAbility to work autonomously with minimal direction on multiple endeavors at onceBenefitsAbout us... We are a leading fertility benefits management company that combines clinical and emotional guidance, science, technology and data to provide comprehensive value-based fertility solutions for self-insured employers. Our benefit plans are designed to improve outcomes, shorten time to pregnancy and reduce total fertility-related costs. We currently support over a million lives and have over 500 clinic locations in its provider network.  Come join our mission of making any member’s dream of parenthood come truth through a healthy, timely and supported fertility journey.  Progyny Perks: Health, dental, vision and life insurance options for employees and familyPaid vacation and summer flex timeCompany equityBonus program401K MatchMentorship programLeadership and personal development programsMonthly training seminarsAccess and transparency from the leadership and exec teamFamily friendly benefits including paid maternity and paternity, fertility benefits (including egg freezing and IVF), emergency childcare program, and parent’s groupMonday breakfastsFriday lunchesCompany social eventsOur kitchen stocked with fresh fruit, drinks, and snacksSit/stand desks"
3084442529 0 140 3.5 "10000+ employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "$5 to $10 billion (USD) per year" " We are looking for a recent PhD graduate to join the central quantitative strategy team as a Quantitative Analyst focusing on fixed income products.  Our quantitative strategy team works within the front office team working closely with global sales, structuring and sales business. They focus on applying specialist methods from mathematics, science and engineering to generate revenue. We work on derivative valuation and risk, automated trading and execution, and data-driven decision-making.  Most critical to your success will be your interest and ability to implement financial models for product valuation, risk analysis and trading. Working on the trading floor, youll have the opportunity to build strong relationships across the business by providing quantitative expertise to traders, structurers and marketers, as well as our technology and compliance teams.  Were looking for a creative thinker who can extend and evolve our quantitative models library.  We are seeking a candidate with: Outstanding academic achievements, a PhD in a quantitative discipline (e.g. maths, physics or engineering), and a strong academic networkA demonstrable interest in financeExperience with C++, Python or other programming languages will be advantageous Please apply now, for this outstanding opportunity to be a part of a global team, closely aligned with revenue generation.  Find out more about Macquarie careers at www.macquarie.com/careers  Commodities and Global Markets provides clients with an integrated, end-to-end offering across global markets including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or protected veteran status. Macquarie takes affirmative action in support of its policy to and advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities."
3084596628 0 82 3.8 "10000+ employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" " Company Profile Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management and wealth management services. The Firm's employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments and individuals from more than 1,200 offices in 43 countries. As a market leader, the talent and passion of our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic. Morgan Stanley can provide a superior foundation for building a professional career - a place for people to learn, to achieve and grow. A philosophy that balances personal lifestyles, perspectives and needs is an important part of our culture. Technology Technology works as a strategic partner with Morgan Stanley business units and the world's leading technology companies to redefine how we do business in ever more global, complex, and dynamic financial markets. Morgan Stanley's sizeable investment in technology results in quantitative trading systems, cutting-edge modeling and simulation software, comprehensive risk and security systems, and robust client-relationship capabilities, plus the worldwide infrastructure that forms the backbone of these systems and tools. Our insights, our applications and infrastructure give a competitive edge to clients' businesses-and to our own. MS Wealth Management (MSWM) Technology Morgan Stanley Wealth Management (MSWM) Technology is the global technology department responsible for the design, development, delivery and support of the technical solutions behind the products and services used by the Morgan Stanley Wealth Management (MSWM) business. The department is comprised of 10 organizations: Sales, Banking & Corporate-Client Technology, Investment Products & Markets Technology, Client Reporting, Core Processing, Private and International Wealth Management Technology, Technology Integration Office, Enterprise Infrastructure & Production Management, Capital Markets Application & Data Services, Deployment Planning & Release Management, and the Chief Operating Office. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management (MSWM) Technology works with large scale databases such as DB2 and SQL Server, proprietary and non-proprietary messaging software, a broad variety of vendor products, numerous financial exchanges and regulatory entities, and programming languages ranging from .Net and Java to Cobol and VB.Net. Responsibilities Include: - Design Dashboards and Reports, with different data sources - Design generic data model for various data domains which can be used to cater their Analytics needs - Interact with Business (or IT) users and understand their requirements from a data analytic, visualization and UI/UX perspective - Ability to understand and analyze the data to find patterns and valuable business insights using Tableau - Convert the business requirements to technical code using SQL - Deliver reports to Business team in a timely manner - Communicate and work proactively with other teams (ETL, EDW, QA and OPS) to build the required dashboards - Working with global development teams to implement best practices - Dashboard tuning. *LI-FG1 Qualifications: Required Skills - 10-12 years of experience in Data and Analytics space -Hands-on professional with thorough knowledge of scripting, data source integration and advanced GUI development in Tableau -Very strong SQL skills in at least one DB technology i.e. Teradata or any other database like Oracle, UDB, Hadoop. Teradata skills are preferred -Full understanding of the processes of data quality, data cleansing and data transformation and data modeling -Ability to understand and analyze the data to find patterns and valuable Business Insights -Ability to write complicated yet efficient SQL queries and stored procedures -Experience in end-to-end implementation of Business Intelligence (BI) projects, especially in scorecards, KPIs, reports & dashboards -Comfortable in manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources -Good knowledge of Unix scripting -Understanding of the Data warehouse life cycle right from data source to ETL to transformations to multidimensional models like data marts, star schema and Reporting -Should be good at tuning Tableau Dashboards -Query Tuning -Ability to challenge status-quo through identification of key business requirements and addressing through innovative data-visualization solutions. -Financial Services experience will be a strong plus -Ability to research and troubleshoot technical problems. *LI-FG1  Lead Business Intelligence Developer  Associated topics: business, business advisory, business analysis, business intelligence, consultant, crm, information technology consultant, market, marketing, sap"
3084599318 0 92 3.8 "10000+ employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" " Company Profile: Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management and wealth management services. The Firm's employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments and individuals from more than 1,200 offices in 43 countries. As a market leader, the talent and passion of our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic. Morgan Stanley can provide a superior foundation for building a professional career - a place for people to learn, to achieve and grow. A philosophy that balances personal lifestyles, perspectives and needs is an important part of our culture. Department Profile: The Finance Division reports to the Chief Financial Officer and consists of some 3,000 employees worldwide. Finance protects the Morgan Stanley franchise by serving as guardian of the Firm's books and records, and by contributing to Firmwide risk management and risk reduction. This division maintains relationships with Morgan Stanley's various industry and government regulators, and also serves as the conduit of financial information to the outside investment community. Finance plays a critical role as advisor to Morgan Stanley's various businesses and its senior management team. The Financial Control Group (FCG) is responsible for overseeing the accounting and financial and regulatory reporting for the Firm. FCG prepares external financial reports for public filings and regulators. For internal reporting FCG, along with Financial Planning and Analysis (FPA), summarizes, plans and forecasts the organization's financial position, including income statements, balance sheets, and analyses of future revenues, expenses and earnings. FCG is comprised of Business Unit Controllers, Infrastructure Controllers, Accounting, Regulatory and Reporting groups, and Valuation Review. Job Summary: We are looking for a seasoned data and business intelligence analyst who has a background either in economics or finance with a strong skill set in Tableau Software, reporting and visualization for management reporting. The analyst will be responsible for BI Strategy and tool development including implementation of Enterprise Performance Management tool for Morgan Stanley infrastructure groups. The analyst will be responsible for reporting conversion program from MS Legacy GL to renovated GL and including all upstream systems that depend on the Legacy Data. Qualifications: -Bachelors degree required in informatics, statistics or mathematics related disciplines -Strong consultative and written/verbal communication -Strong analytic and problem solving skills -Self-motivated, intellectually curious, open learner -Experience with SQL and data visualization tools -Technical understanding of BI Software -Experience on using and developing Tableau Software, Qlikview -Experience or understanding of Enterprise Performance management tools such as Oracle EPM or IBM Data Analytics  Senior Business Intelligence Analyst  Associated topics: accountant i, accountant ii, accounting, accounting officer, budget, cost, finance, financial analyst ii, financial analyst iv, internal audit"
3085134934 0 158 3.5 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Internet" "$100 to $500 million (USD) per year" "Got a taste for something new? We’re Grubhub, the nation’s leading online and mobile food ordering company. Since 2004 we’ve been connecting hungry diners to the local restaurants they love. We’re moving eating forward with no signs of slowing down.  With more than 95,000 restaurants and over 15.6 million diners across 1,700 U.S. cities and London, we’re delivering like never before. Incredible tech is our bread and butter, but amazing people are our secret ingredient. Rigorously analytical and customer-obsessed, our employees develop the fresh ideas and brilliant programs that keep our brands going and growing.  Long story short, keeping our people happy, challenged and well-fed is priority one. Interested? Let’s talk. We’re eager to show you what we bring to the table.  Grubhub is looking for an innately curious, business-minded, results-oriented Data Scientist with a focus on predictive modelling. In this highly visible role, you will build and deploy models predicting various aspect of the business’ logistics. You will also perform analysis to inform on the business.  Specific responsibilities include, but are not limited to, data analysis, problem solving, development of predictive models, deployment and maintenance of those models. Understand the business! Work directly with stakeholders to address their needs.Build models, from selecting features to optimizing.Be a stakeholder for our models! Help guide and prioritize development of predictive models to enhance our capabilities.Question our assumptions! Find new and better ways to do what we’re doing.Produce novel analysis giving insights into the businessRelentlessly analyze and improve the performance of our business.2-5 years of experience applying descriptive statistics, machine learning, building predictive models and visualization to solve real-world problemsMSc or PhD in in statistics, mathematics, computer science or another quantitative fieldComfort communicating analytical findings to people of diverse backgrounds using statistical libraries and visualization tools in PythonExcellent programming skills in PythonData querying capabilities using SQLAbility to explain technical concepts in simple terms to business stakeholdersGot These? Even BetterExperience deploying regression, GLM, tree-based and Bayesian models with Python in a production environmentExperience with distributed data and computing tools like Spark, Hive and PrestoExperience using cloud infrastructure like AWSA knack for analyzing and improving processes using dataUnlimited paid vacation days. Choose how your time is spent.Never go hungry! We provide weekly GrubHub/Seamless credit.Regular in-office social events, including happy hours, wine tastings, karaoke, bingo with prizes and more.Company-Wide Initiatives encouraging innovation, continuous learning and cross-department connections. We deliver favorites every day. Join us as we move eating forward.  Grubhub is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here: DOL Poster. Grubhub is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to TalentAcquisition@grubhub.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information."
3086653978 0 89 3.8 "10000+ employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" " Company Profile  Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management and wealth management services. The firm's employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments and individuals from more than 1,200 offices in 43 countries.  As a market leader, the talent and passion of our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic. Morgan Stanley can provide a superior foundation for building a professional career -- a place for people to learn, to achieve and grow. A philosophy that balances personal lifestyles, perspectives and needs is an important part of our culture.  Department Profile  Corporate Services provides a robust portfolio of global services utilized daily across the firm to enable productivity, efficiency, safety, optimized business models and an enhanced employee experience in the workplace. We have over 5,000 staff managing a multi-billion dollar scope of services including Real Estate and Location Strategy; Real Estate Portfolio and Transaction Management; Property Management; Corporate Travel; Corporate Security & Investigations; Corporate Information Management; and Regional Client Services; and Office of the COO.  The Business Intelligence Analyst will support the development of the Global BI Data & Analytics platform within the Morgan Stanley’s Real Estate and Location Strategy group. They will work directly with subject matter experts (SMEs) to develop and maintain dashboard reporting and business analytics. They will assist in the development of dashboard modules within the BI tool kit that provides end users with relevant metrics and analytics to manage the corporate real estate portfolio. In addition to technical responsibilities, the ability to work on a team, in a highly collaborative environment is required. The ability to communicate with stakeholders is also required. An understanding of corporate real estate is preferred.  Analytical/Data Management Skills: Ability to analyze data, determine trends and develop metricsDesign, develop and implement Business Intelligence (BI) solutions under the direction of the BI ManagerExtract data from databases and data warehousesStandardize data collection by developing methods for database design and validation reportsCreate QA test cases/test steps to ensure data integrity across all performance-based metrics and quality assurance of BI outputWork with end users to ensure user acceptance testing and a complete delivery of reporting/analysis solutionStatistical knowledge and/or Six Sigma expertiseWork with IT to identify and import new data into the Corporate Services’ data warehouseBuild prototypes for demonstration and illustration purposes for peer groups and partnersCollaborate with others regarding data/table structures to optimize Tableau Dashboards and other self-service needsImprove current processes and develop efficiencies by applying best practicesAbility to meet deadlines, prioritize work and handle multiple tasksAbility to work independently as well as in a team environment  Technical Skills:Highly skilled in developing Tableau dashboardsVBA programming, PIVOT table development, and in-depth knowledge of EXCEL functions and formulasProficient in the use of Structured Query Language (SQL), BOXI, and other reporting toolsStrong PC skills, particularly spreadsheet (Excel) and presentation (PowerPoint) expertise  Communication Skills:Build, document, and communicate user requirementsInterpret and communicate information for consumption by a non-technical audienceClearly communicate and drive discussions on data structure with business and technology partnersDocument and communicate technical specifications to ensure database queries and final deliverables are understoodEffective written and verbal communication skills"
3086667771 0 81 2.6 "10000+ employees" "Home Furniture & Housewares Stores" "$5 to $10 billion (USD) per year" "Requisition Number: WE-14779  Area of Interest: Information Technology  Organization: Corporate  Brand/Division: West Elm  Position Type: Full-time JOB DESCRIPTIONWho we are: Born in Brooklyn. At home in the world. west elm has been helping customers express their personal style at home since the launch of our first catalog in 2002. Our home base is nestled down under the Manhattan Bridge in the DUMBO neighborhood of Brooklyn, NY, right above our flagship store. We are a dynamic, fast-paced brand with an exciting growth strategy. We value imagination, diversity and giving people the opportunity to explore, grow and shape our future. We look for innovative, smart and hard-working individuals who enjoy creative thinking and ingenuity. Help us carry out our mission of being a source of inspiration to our customers, creating a global community and tirelessly seeking ways to evolve our brand.  The Supply Chain Optimization team is responsible for the planning of strategic and operational initiatives to drive sales, inventory, and profit objectives. Operating efficient business processes allows our brand flexibility to continue to be an innovator in the field and create new opportunities for the brand and individuals to grow, as well as create customer satisfaction.  The BI Developer impacts the organization by creating and maintaining the foundational data and business reporting to support the analysis of inventory, sales, margin, and profitability data. This role is a key player in ensuring system structure and operations are efficient and timely and users have visibility to business trends. The ideal candidate will align with the brand by bringing creative thinking and innovation to help drive profitable business decisions. As west elm grows and expands in new marketplaces and broadens its footprint, the planning and execution of efficient operational strategies is crucial to maintaining market leadership and customer satisfaction. Essential Functions:Develop and maintain technology systems, platforms, or tools needed to support data and reportingOversee the planning and execution of data discovery, extraction, transformation, storage, validation and testingDesign, execute, and schedule queries or transformations to support reporting and dashboard needsReview systems and propose solutions to create more efficient or productive processes that support end user needsCreate and maintain documentation of data and reporting process, data structure, and project updatesPartner with technology, supply chain, inventory, and finance teams and participate in solution design sessions You... Love to work collaboratively in a group, you have an innate willingness to dig in and contribute with your teamAre driven and motivated by the possibilities aheadThink innovation is critical in a business environment and support others in creative thinkingPride yourself on the quality of work and are a stickler for the detailsNaturally challenge yourself and others to growREQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONSQualifications:2+ years of relevant systems development or analysis experienceKnowledge of T-SQL, PL/SQL, Teradata SQL, and DB2Experience with QlikView or QlikSense preferredVBA, R, Python knowledge is a plusTime management and communication skillsProficient in Excel and Microsoft SuiteComputer Science or Information Technology degree preferredBenefits: We offer an extensive benefits package designed to help you grow, personally and professionally, to care for your family and to build a secure future. Depending on your position and your location, here's a look at what you might be eligible for: Competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance; tax-free spending accounts; same-sex domestic partner benefits; commuter benefits; and moreA 401(k) plan and other investment opportunitiesPaid vacations, holidays and other time-off programsA generous discount on all Williams Sonoma Inc. brands through multiple shopping channelsCross-brand and cross-function career opportunitiesDiscounts on nearby gyms and other local businesses This position is not eligible for visa sponsorship.  This role is not eligible for relocation assistance.  Williams-Sonoma, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. #LI-RB1 Williams-Sonoma, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  Williams-Sonoma, Inc. will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, or other applicable state or local laws and ordinances."
3087324416 0 87 3.6 "1001 to 5000 employees" "IT Services" "$100 to $500 million (USD) per year" " Job Title Business Analyst Location Jersey city, NJ Duration 10+ Months contract Job Description Principal Responsibilities The Area Liaison will be the single point of contact between the Cyber Recovery team and the various Enterprise Infrastructure (EI) and Application Development (AD) teams wersquoll be collecting and storing data for as part of the cyber resiliency program. They will be responsible for defining the overall approach and maintaining the relationship on an ongoing basis. - Set message and approach for collecting data - Act as a liaison and advocate for the various EI and AD teams - Identify and maintain relationships with subject matter experts (SMEs) as well as TeamAreaDomain leads - Manage communication between Cyber Engineering team and EiAD SMEs Experience 5-7 years of related experience Bachelor's degree preferred with Masters or equivalent experience Experience in Financial Services andor FinTech industry strongly preferred"
3087563621 0 85 3.8 "10000+ employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" " Company Profile Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management and wealth management services. The firm's employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments and individuals from more than 1,200 offices in 43 countries. As a market leader, the talent and passion of our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic. Morgan Stanley can provide a superior foundation for building a professional career -- a place for people to learn, to achieve and grow. A philosophy that balances personal lifestyles, perspectives and needs is an important part of our culture. Department Profile Corporate Services provides a robust portfolio of global services utilized daily across the firm to enable productivity, efficiency, safety, optimized business models and an enhanced employee experience in the workplace. We have over 5,000 staff managing a multi-billion dollar scope of services including Real Estate and Location Strategy; Real Estate Portfolio and Transaction Management; Property Management; Corporate Travel; Corporate Security & Investigations; Corporate Information Management; and Regional Client Services; and Office of the COO. The Business Intelligence Analyst will support the development of the Global BI Data & Analytics platform within the Morgan Stanley's Real Estate and Location Strategy group. They will work directly with subject matter experts (SMEs) to develop and maintain dashboard reporting and business analytics. They will assist in the development of dashboard modules within the BI tool kit that provides end users with relevant metrics and analytics to manage the corporate real estate portfolio. In addition to technical responsibilities, the ability to work on a team, in a highly collaborative environment is required. The ability to communicate with stakeholders is also required. An understanding of corporate real estate is preferred. Qualifications: Analytical/Data Management Skills: - Ability to analyze data, determine trends and develop metrics - Design, develop and implement Business Intelligence (BI) solutions under the direction of the BI Manager - Extract data from databases and data warehouses - Standardize data collection by developing methods for database design and validation reports - Create QA test cases/test steps to ensure data integrity across all performance-based metrics and quality assurance of BI output - Work with end users to ensure user acceptance testing and a complete delivery of reporting/analysis solution - Statistical knowledge and/or Six Sigma expertise - Work with IT to identify and import new data into the Corporate Services' data warehouse - Build prototypes for demonstration and illustration purposes for peer groups and partners - Collaborate with others regarding data/table structures to optimize Tableau Dashboards and other self-service needs - Improve current processes and develop efficiencies by applying best practices - Ability to meet deadlines, prioritize work and handle multiple tasks - Ability to work independently as well as in a team environment Technical Skills: - Highly skilled in developing Tableau dashboards - VBA programming, PIVOT table development, and in-depth knowledge of EXCEL functions and formulas - Proficient in the use of Structured Query Language (SQL), BOXI, and other reporting tools - Strong PC skills, particularly spreadsheet (Excel) and presentation (PowerPoint) expertise Communication Skills: - Build, document, and communicate user requirements - Interpret and communicate information for consumption by a non-technical audience - Clearly communicate and drive discussions on data structure with business and technology partners - Document and communicate technical specifications to ensure database queries and final deliverables are understood - Effective written and verbal communication skills  Business Intelligence Analyst  Associated topics: business, business advisory, business systems, business systems analyst, client, consultant, crm, market, sales, support analyst"
3087929014 0 98 3.4 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Social Assistance" "$100 to $500 million (USD) per year" " Overview  The Strategic Research & Analytics team is The New York Public Library's central node of information and insights about its users, usage, and impact. We support decision makers and program staff across the institution through business intelligence, impact assessment, strategic conversations, user research, and data mentorship.  We are seeking a talented QUALITATIVE DATA ANALYST (Qualitative User Insights Researcher) to join us in articulating the Library's role in the intellectual, cultural, and educational lives of its local and global users; identifying opportunities for innovation and leadership in our research centers, neighborhood branches, and digital properties; and advocating for the needs of our communities.  In this role, you'll draw on your experience with qualitative research methods and impact assessment to translate programmatic and operational questions into multi-modal qualitative user research projects focusing on user and community behaviors, knowledge, and attitudes related to the Library. But you won't just wait for the questions to come to you - you'll also combine your innate curiosity with our existing knowledge base to proactively identify, prioritize, and manage new directions for research from conception to completion.  This is a great opportunity for a creative person interested in directly contributing to the vitality and growth of one of the world's premier library systems and iconic public institutions - at a particularly transformational moment in the evolution of libraries. You'll have the Library's uniquely extensive set of offerings and uniquely diverse user base to explore analytically, and you'll have the chance to collaborate cross-functionally, developing strong relationships with staff throughout the Library.  Principal Responsibilities Leveraging a broad toolkit of qualitative and quantitative research methods, techniques, and tools to design and implement a wide range of research projects and programs (including study design, questionnaire development, survey programming, participant recruitment and, in some cases, coordinating with third-party vendors and IRBs), ranging from large-scale surveys to focus groups to one-on-one user testing and interviews.Translating strategic informational needs into qualitative research plans, creating and operationalizing core success metrics around user knowledge, attitudes, and behaviorsAnalyzing primary research findings using appropriate, statistically sound methods to generate insights informing strategic decisions and evaluating the impact and success of strategic programmatic initiativesCommunicating findings and insights in high-quality research reports and presentations for a variety of internal and external audiences, offering actionable, evidence-based recommendations to optimize program design, user experience and outcomes and identify opportunities for strategic investmentConsulting with programmatic and operational partners to develop research plans meeting their informational needs, mentor them in best practices in qualitative research, and define and implement user-focused success metrics and targetsMaintaining the consistency and quality of surveys conducted across the entire Library through appropriate workflow processes and systems/toolsConducting external industry and market research to contextualize institutional findings and point to new research directionsSynthesizing findings from multiple research projects into a coherent, centralized, and multi-dimensional understanding of our users and their relationship with the Library (referencing categorical tools such as user segmentations and personas)Ensuring that relevant user research informs strategic decisions throughout the institutionMinimum QualificationsBachelor's degree and a minimum of 2 years of hands-on professional experience in relevant market research, user insights, or impact assessment roles that involved qualitative and quantitative applied research, including gathering, analyzing, and communicating user insights to clients (internal or external)Strong command of, and experience with, experimental design, testing, and evaluation methodologies, with an advanced command of potential research questions and techniques and research tools/software (including online survey tools, user testing software)Familiarity with core statistical techniques such as significance testing, correlation, regression, distributions, factor and cluster analysis, and basic predictive modelingAdvanced proficiency in Microsoft Office and Google apps suitesSuperlative listening and observational skills, encompassing the ability to articulate and meet the informational needs behind any research projects, to probe for additional detail and nuance in field interactions, and to detect patterns and systematize output from a qualitative data setAbility to independently produce high-standard, presentation-ready deliverablesAbility to clearly and persuasively communicate analytical insights and methodologies verbally, visually, and in writing to employees at all levels of the organization (from senior management to front-line staff)Demonstrated successful experience working collaboratively and effectively and establishing trusting relationships within a diverse organization, across multiple levels of management and staffDemonstrated learning mindset, with a continual appetite for developing skills and absorbing informationDevoted to advancing the The New York Public Library's mission and values, and a sincerely enthusiastic library promoter! Preferred Qualifications Market research, client service, or agency background3 years of professional experience preferredAcademic background in psychology or anthropology preferred Work Environment  Office Setting  Starting SalaryUnion / Non UnionNon UnionSDL2017"
3088017869 0 108 3.7 "10000+ employees" "Banks & Credit Unions" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" "Description JobTitle: Data Analytics Analyst - 90218326 AboutUs Barclaysis a transatlantic consumer, corporate and investment bank offering productsand services across personal, corporate and investment banking, credit cardsand wealth management, with a strong presence in our two home markets of the UKand the US. Our goal is to become the bank of choice by providing superiorservices to customers and clients and supporting our stakeholders via acommercially successful business that generates long-term sustainable returns.  About Barclays in the US  Barclays offers corporateand investment banking and credit card services in the US. Our 10,000 UScolleagues are located in offices across the country, with headquarters in NewYork City. In 2017, Barclays announced plans to create a world-class campus inWhippany, New Jersey, for our Technology, Operations and Functional teams inthe US. Other principal locations include Delaware, Nevada, Ohio and Maine.  About Barclays Internal Audit  Barclays Internal Audit(BIA) Vision: Leaders in Assurance  ·BeBrilliant: Leading edge assurance; Leading edge people; Leading edge thinking  ·BeImpactful: In the business; In the community and In the profession  ·BeAgile: Be independent, a respected voice, innovative and efficient.  BIAOverview:BIA aims to provideindependent, reliable, valued, insightful and timely assurance to the Board andexecutive management over the effectiveness of governance, risk management andcontrol over current and evolving risks, in the context of the current andexpected business environment and in accordance with the internationalstandards definition of internal auditing.  Overall Purpose of role  Work collaboratively with others acrossBIA, while developing strong client relationships which are independent and beseen as a respected voice.Developpractical and innovative ways of improving audit delivery through the use of dataanalytics.  YourRole ·Developsustainable and re-useable Data Analytics test to improve the efficiency of BIAand to improve audit coverage.  ·Supportaudit delivery teams to identify opportunities for Data Analytics.  ·Providetraining to audit staff on how to develop and execute basic analytics.  ·Maintaina library of re-usable data analytics.  ·Maintainappropriate documentation of code and create data dictionary includingdefinitions (where appropriate).  ·Buildself-service tools/dashboards/warehouse/data lakes. Maintain common data usedby audit delivery teams.  ·Assistwith data cleaning and preparation for audit delivery teams.  BasicQualifications/Skills ·2+years practical experience and expert level knowledge of data analysis withany RDBMS/SQL.  ·1+years Data Analysis/Mining/Scripting experience R/Python/SAS.  ·1+years Data Visualisation experience in PythonDjango/Tableau/Spotfire/Qlikview/d3.js.  PreferredQualifications/Skills ·Experiencewith advanced analytics/Machine learning (DecisionTrees/Clustering/HMM/Tensorflow).  ·Experiencein data warehouse design, Informatica, Unix.  ·Analyticsexperience within an internal/external audit or risk management function.  ·Degreein Computer Science / Statistics or related discipline.  ·Knowledgeabout new and emerging data analytics technologies.  ·Experiencewith Financial Services/Financial Products.  Risk andControl Objective All Barclayscolleagues have to ensure that all activities and duties are carried out infull compliance with regulatory requirements, Enterprise Wide Risk ManagementFramework and internal Barclays Policies and Policy Standards."
3088457255 0 127 3.8 "10000+ employees" "Consumer Products Manufacturing" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" " Colgate-Palmolive is a leading global consumer products company, tightly focused on Oral Care, Personal Care, Home Care and Pet Nutrition. Colgate sells its products in over 200 countries and territories around the world under such internationally recognized brand names as Colgate, Palmolive, Speed Stick, Lady Speed Stick, Softsoap, Irish Spring, Protex, Sorriso, Kolynos, elmex, Tom’s of Maine, Sanex, Ajax, Axion, Fabuloso, Soupline and Suavitel, as well as Hill’s Science Diet, Hill’s Prescription Diet and Hill’s Ideal Balance.  For more information about Colgate’s global business, visit the Company’s web site at http://www.colgatepalmolive.com. To learn more about Colgate Bright Smiles, Bright Futures® oral health education program, please visit http://www.colgatebsbf.com. To learn more about Hill's and the Hill’s Food, Shelter & Love program please visit hillspet.com. To learn more about Tom’s of Maine please visit http://www.tomsofmaine.com.  Location: New York, New York, United States  Relocation Assistance Offered Within Country  # 71343 Position Purpose: The role of the Colgate Oral Pharmaceuticals (COP) business unit is to drive oral care leadership with dental professionals by securing the endorsement of the Colgate equity (Total TP) and providing high-quality in-office and Over-The-Counter specialty products. The COP Commercial Organization operates in 3 channels in the US: Distributor (sales to dental professional), Wholesalers (sales of prescription products), and OTC retail sales (drug, mass, and food class of trade).     Finance Planning & Analysis department provides a high degree of support to the COP Commercial Team     The role of Finance Manager, Planning & Analysis, is the driver of Finance support to the Commercial Team: Supports the COP Marketing & Business Development (Sales Planning) Organizations by providing fact-based information and financial models that facilitate accurate and timely business decisionsDrives the Budgeting / LE (Latest Estimate) process including development of 5-year strategic plan P&L’s (Profits and Loss)Objectively challenges commercial forecasts and assumptions to evaluate financial risks and opportunities and will share point of view or recommend potential solutionsAnalyzes the monthly P&L close: Brand reporting, Sales Growth analysis, Channel analysisSupports all new product/acquisition opportunities with value-added analysisSupports COP Business Development team in determination of financial/contractual obligations to Henry Schein (COP’s exclusive dental distributor)Project lead responsible for timely/seamless implementation on Finance-related corporate/strategic initiatives including SOX and MDM initiativesFully responsible for contents of PA (Profitability Analysis) module in SAPFully responsible for the contents of BI (business intelligence) and BI reporting tools (local and global)Responsible for all category data submissions to the corporationActive presenter in monthly ComGrowth (COP Commercial Growth) meetingsAn active participant in bi-weekly SAM (COP’s Sales and Marketing) meetingsWorks closely with Supply Chain Finance to determine budget/LE/actual P&L impact of manufacturing cost absorption.Liaise with all Finance departments on all Budget/LE/Actual issuesSupports COP SKU (Stock Keeping Unit) rationalization effortsDemonstrates the ability to interpret business data and trends to offer value-added business recommendations to the commercial teamProactively troubleshoots and identifies Budget / LE issues   Qualifications:Position requires market focused finance professional with strong analytical skills and an in-depth knowledge of Brand Accounting / Support of Commercial Operations. Prior experience in this area is essential. Strong excelThis position requires SAP PA “power-user” expertise (PA & BI Modules).Strong cross-functional, interpersonal, planning/priority setting and influence/negotiation skills.Accounting Degree required.CPA (Certified Public Accountant), MBA (Masters of Business Administration), CMA (Certified Management Accountant) certification a plus. Are you interested in working for Colgate-Palmolive? You can apply to work with us using this online application. Attach all relevant documents such as a cover letter and resume or CV. Applications received by e-mail are not considered in the selection process.  Become part of our team. We look forward to your application.  Equal Opportunity Employer  Colgate is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law."
3089075384 0 86 3.6 "51 to 200 employees" "Staffing & Outsourcing" "$10 to $25 million (USD) per year" " &nbsp  &nbsp Senior BI Consultant- Finance- NYC OR NJTechnical Skills: BI, Qlik, Qliksense, Qlikview, Qlik Sense, Qlik View, SQL, Tableau, Cognos, Business Objects, Big Data, Hadoop, Data Modeling, Data Warehousing, Power BI, JavaScript, AngularJS, Node.jsPay rate: $850- 900/ day NYC based Financial powerhouse is looking to build out their Business Intelligence Team located in either NJ or NYC. The ideal candidate has previous experience developing and architecting technology platforms using BI/reporting solutions. Previous programming experience with web development languages (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AngularJS, Node.js) is a plus.  Qualifications Advanced SQL skills- comfortable with all aspects of database design techniques3+ years working with Qlik (either QlikSense or Qlikview)Extensive experience working with data warehousing methodologies and familiarity with dimensional data modeling Other desired (but not required) skills Experience working with extremely large data volumesUnderstanding of BI tools: Tableau, Cognos, Business ObjectsPrevious web experience: HTML, JavaScript, AngularJS, Node.jsUnderstanding of ETL or ELT data modelingExperience working in a Big Data Environment For more information, please apply via the link. To get in touch directly, contact Stephanie Moriarty at 1-646-766-1241 or by email at Those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply.- provided by Dice  BI, Qlik, Qliksense, Qlikview, Qlik Sense, Qlik View, SQL, Tableau, Cognos, Business Objects, Big Data, Hadoop, Data Modeling, Data Warehousing, Power BI, JavaScript, AngularJS, Node.js"
3089407629 1 100 4 "51 to 200 employees" "Advertising & Marketing" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " Data Analyst, Sr. – NYC - Fully handle PubSmart opns, incl. analyzing qualified traffic sources, automating manual processes & monitoring traffic perf. Dsgn & create analytic repts/dashboards for biz & tech users. Improve efficiency of dif jobs based on biz reqs. Perf data validation during ad engine releases. Rsrch on data sci. methods to improve or dsgn new algos. REQ: Master’s Bus. Analytics, Mktg or related + min 1 yr related exp. Resume: adMarketplace, 1385 Broadway, 19th Fl, New York, NY 10018"
3090172800 1 98 4.1 "501 to 1000 employees" "Express Delivery Services" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "The Analytics team is looking for Data Scientists to drive measurement, strategy, and tactical decision-making across the company. You'll be solving problems that range from customer acquisition to balancing supply and demand to new city launches to marketplace efficiency. You'll be designing and analyzing A/B tests for new product features, generating and sizing opportunities to prioritize new initiatives, and defining key performance metrics for the team. Data Scientists at DoorDash work cross-functionally to uncover insights and turn them into actionable recommendations. The ideal candidate will have a background in a quantitative or technical field, will have experience working with large data sets, and will have some experience in data-driven decision making. You will be a great fit if you have a strong bias towards action, enjoy finding patterns amidst chaos, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive business impact. We're looking for someone who has the technical skills to surface insights quickly, and the interpersonal skills to communicate those insights in a way that persuades action. What you'll doUse quantitative analysis and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand what drives our businessProvide insights to help business and product leaders understand marketplace dynamics, user behaviors, and long-term trendsIdentify and quantify levers to help move key metricsRecommend which features to build and whyWork backwards from understanding and sizing problems to ideating solutionsGenerate recommendations and use statistical techniques and hypothesis testing to validate your findings. This includes:Performing analytical deep-dives to identify problems, opportunities and actions required;Collecting, processing, and cleaning data from disparate sources using SQL, R, Python, or other scripting and statistical tools; andManaging the design, execution, and analysis of experiments; driving rigor and testing culture through product and operations teamsReport against company initiatives by identifying key metrics and building executive-facing dashboards to track progressMonitor key performance metrics, understanding root causes of changesBuild data sets and reporting tables to empower operational and exploratory analysisPartner with engineering to implement, document, validate, and monitor our loggingAbout you2-5 years of experience in a data analytics, consulting, or other quantitative roleExamples of relevant experience include: Funnel optimization, user segmentation, cohort analyses, time series analyses, regression models, etc.Experience with analyzing both client side and server side tracking a plusAn ability to write very complex SQL queries. ETL experience a plusProficiency in one or more analytics & visualization tools (e.g. Chartio, Looker, Tableau)A deep understanding of statistical analysis (e.g. hypothesis testing, experimentation, regressions) and familiarity with statistical packages, such as Matlab, R, SAS or PythonStrong business judgment. You've got the ability to take ambiguous problems and solve them in a structured, hypothesis-driven, data-supported waySelf-starter attitude. You're someone who can initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidanceGet-it-done mindset. You're not afraid of long hours, able to handle stress well, humble and scrappy!A degree in Math, Physics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, or other quantitative fieldAbout us Founded in 2013, DoorDash is a San Francisco-based technology company passionate about transforming local businesses and dedicated to enabling new ways of working, earning, and living. Today, DoorDash connects customers with their favorite local and national restaurants in more than 1,000 cities across the United States and Canada. By building intelligent, last-mile delivery technology for local cities, DoorDash aims to connect people with the things they care about one dash at a time."
3090271733 0 108 3.8 "10000+ employees" "Banks & Credit Unions" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" "Job Title: Data Analytics - Analyst - 90218326*Location: 1301 Ave of the Americas, New York, New York*About Us//* Barclays is a transatlantic consumer, corporate and investment bank offering products and services across personal, corporate and investment banking, credit cards and wealth management, with a strong presence in our two home markets of the UK and the US. Our goal is to become the bank of choice by providing superior services to customers and clients and supporting our stakeholders via a commercially successful business that generates long-term sustainable returns. * About Barclays in the US  Barclays offers corporate and investment banking and credit card services in the US. Our 10,000 US colleagues are located in offices across the country, with headquarters in New York City. In 2017, Barclays announced plans to create a world-class campus in Whippany, New Jersey, for our Technology, Operations and Functional teams in the US. Other principal locations include Delaware, Nevada, Ohio and Maine.  About Barclays Internal Audit  Barclays Internal Audit (BIA) Vision: Leaders in Assurance  ? Be Brilliant: Leading edge assurance; Leading edge people; Leading edge thinking  ? Be Impactful: In the business; In the community and In the profession  ? Be Agile: Be independent, a respected voice, innovative and efficient.  BIA Overview: BIA aims to provide independent, reliable, valued, insightful and timely assurance to the Board and executive management over the effectiveness of governance, risk management and control over current and evolving risks, in the context of the current and expected business environment and in accordance with the international standards definition of internal auditing.  Overall Purpose of role  Work collaboratively with others across BIA, while developing strong client relationships which are independent and be seen as a respected voice. Develop practical and innovative ways of improving audit delivery through the use of data analytics. *Your Role* ? Develop sustainable and re-useable Data Analytics test to improve the efficiency of BIA and to improve audit coverage.  ? Support audit delivery teams to identify opportunities for Data Analytics.  ? Provide training to audit staff on how to develop and execute basic analytics.  ? Maintain a library of re-usable data analytics.  ? Maintain appropriate documentation of code and create data dictionary including definitions (where appropriate).  ? Build self-service tools/dashboards/warehouse/data lakes. Maintain common data used by audit delivery teams.  ? Assist with data cleaning and preparation for audit delivery teams. Basic Qualifications/Skills*** ? 2 years' practical experience and expert level knowledge of data analysis with any RDBMS/SQL.  ? 1 years' Data Analysis/Mining/Scripting experience R/Python/SAS.  ? 1 years' Data Visualization experience in Python Django/Tableau/Spotfire/Qlikview/d3.js. Preferred Qualifications/Skills* ? Experience with advanced analytics/Machine learning (Decision Trees/Clustering/HMM/Tensorflow).  ? Experience in data warehouse design, Informatica, Unix.  ? Analytics experience within an internal/external audit or risk management function.  ? Degree in Computer Science / Statistics or related discipline.  ? Knowledge about new and emerging data analytics technologies.  ? Experience with Financial Services/Financial Products. *Risk and Control Objective* All Barclays colleagues have to ensure that all activities and duties are carried out in full compliance with regulatory requirements, Enterprise Wide Risk Management Framework and internal Barclays Policies and Policy Standards. *Your Application* To be considered for this role, click on the apply button now. Barclays Values & Diversity* Dynamic working gives everyone at Barclays the opportunity to integrate professional and personal lives, if you have a need for flexibility then please discuss this with the hiring manager. We are an equal opportunity employer and we are opposed to discrimination on any grounds. It is the policy of Barclays to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, colour, creed, religion, national origin, alienage or citizenship status, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law. *Title:** **Data Analytics - Analyst***Location:** **NY-New York***Requisition ID:** **90218326*"
3090473449 1 108 3.8 "201 to 500 employees" "Computer Hardware & Software" "$10 to $25 million (USD) per year" " Senior Analyst, Business IntelligenceWhat's next in music is first on SoundCloud. As the world’s largest open audio platform, SoundCloud is powered by a connected community of creators, listeners and curators who share, discover and influence what’s new, now and next in music and audio.  At SoundCloud, as an open platform with millions of creators and listeners and several revenue models, we deal with complex questions everyday. To make better informed business decisions, we are looking for a exceptional Business Intelligence Senior Analyst who combines data science excellence with strong business acumen to distill relevant insight from the SC data asset. The role will be based in SoundCloud's New York Office and will be a core part of the Strategy & Research team. The Role: You will be an integral part in SoundCloud’s Business Intelligence function to enable a deeper, data-based understanding of the development, trending and dynamics of the company’s Creator and Listener business. You will drive sophistication of data-based decision making within the business units. Your work will directly inform strategic thinking across the company and impact, important short, mid-term decisions at middle and senior leadership level. As Senior Analyst, Business Intelligence you will:Act as a central expert function at the company by designing and implementing our Creator and Listener analysis and reporting frameworksContribute as expert to strategic projects alongside Strategy and Business teams. Such contributions may include behavioral analyses, designing, running and analyzing experimentsIndependently run ad-hoc projects to analyze and understand business implications of proposed decisionsBuild sustainable cross functional relationships across the organization, especially Creator, Listener, Marketing leads, Data Science/Data Platform and Audience ResearchFeel comfortable using SQL, and occasionally Python, to access data when conducting analyses and building Tableau dashboardsWhat you'll bring to the team:Degree in quantitative field (strong academic track record preferred)5+ years of experience in leading tech firms, ideally with streaming, subscription and/or advertising backgroundExceptional analytical skills paired with excellent business judgementAbility to work with large data sets from multiple data sources with excellent SQL skills and some knowledge of PythonExperience with Data Warehouse infrastructure BigQuery and concepts as well designing and deploying ETLs in order to transform big data into meaningful business informationStrong sense of urgency, attention to detail paired with hands-on approach; Ability to handle complex situations with clarity and confidence and thorough analysis (you do the work!)Strong resiliency and ambition to get things done despite an often-changing market and competitive situationStrong communication/presentation skills with a track record of presenting complex analysis to senior managementExcellent ability to build relationships and networks with multiple functions, regions, and at all levels of the organizationExcellent stakeholder management skills with both technical and business audiencesMust strive to deliver excellent work quality If this sounds like you, then we look forward to reviewing your application. Diversity at SoundCloud SoundCloud is for everyone. Diversity and open expression are fundamental to our organization they help us build a social platform and global community where anyone can create, discover, and share sounds. We acknowledge the challenges in our industry and strive to develop an inclusive culture where everyone can contribute.  We want to  hear from you. Apply now! Like it? Share it!  Facebook  Twitter  LinkedIn  Email"
3090709147 0 96 3.4 "501 to 1000 employees" "Consulting" "$50 to $100 million (USD)" "IntroductionAxtria is a global big data analytics company. We empower leaders across the Life Sciences and Financial Services industries to make better data-driven decisions.Our data analytics and software platforms support data science, commercial operations and cloud information management. We help to optimize business strategy by delivering cutting edge analytics from the broadest set of data sources, combined with deep technical and domain expertise. We enable commercial excellence by eliminating spreadsheets and delivering analytical guidance to the field through Axtria SalesIQ™, our cloud based sales planning and operations platform. We are leaders in managing data using the latest cloud information management and big data technologies.We have more than 900 employees worldwide, we are growing rapidly, and we are proud to count 8 of the top 10 global Life Sciences companies and 2 of the Top 5 global banks as our customers. We serve clients with a high-touch on-site and onshore presence, leveraged by a global delivery platformResponsibilities:Elicit requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, business analysis, task and workflow analysis.Critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, abstract up from low-level information to a general understanding, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs.Proactively communicate and collaborate with external and internal customers to analyze information needs and functional requirements and deliver the following artifacts as needed: (Functional requirements (Business Requirements Document), Use Cases, GUI, Screen and Interface designs)Experience in using enterprise-wide requirements definition and management systems and methodologies required.Successfully engage in multiple initiatives simultaneouslyWork independently with users to define concepts and under direction of project managersDrive and challenge business units on their assumptions of how they will successfully execute their plansStrong analytical and project management skills required, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret customer business needs and translate them into application and operational requirements.Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group, executives, managers, and subject matter experts.Serves as the conduit between the customer community (internal and external customers) and the software development team through which requirements flow.Develop requirements specifications according to standard templates, using natural language.Collaborate with developers and subject matter experts to establish the technical vision and analyze tradeoffs between usability and performance needs.Be the liaison between the business units, technology teams and support teamsRequired Skills & ExperienceBachelor's degree preferred.5+ years analyst experience preferred.Working knowledge of business processes, system development and process improvements.Proficient in gathering business requirements using process flows and use cases.Expertise in mapping as-is and to-be business processes.Understanding of technology capabilities and limitations.Experience in creating dashboards/reports for various stakeholders in pharma – Field reps, Field management, managed markets etc.Familiarity with KPIs for pharma sales and marketingExperience with Pharma commercial data like Sales, Claims, Payers, Specialty pharmacyUnderstanding of Pharma commercial operations concepts like alignments, targeting, reporting, incentivesExperience designing and reviewing test cases.Excellent verbal and written communication skills.Logistics and Location:We are hiring for Chicago, ILU.S. Citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply.Flexibility to travel and/or relocate within the US as per project requirements The exact nature of duties as well as the salary and compensation package will be commensurate with experience and salary history"
3090802340 0 140 3.1 "10000+ employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "$5 to $10 billion (USD) per year" " We are looking for a recent PhD graduate to join our team, working as a Quantitative Analyst focusing on cash equity strategies.  Our Quant Strategy team applies specialist methods from mathematics, science and engineering to generate revenue. We work on derivative valuation and risk, automated trading and execution, and data-driven decision-making.  Most critical to your success will be your interest and ability to implement financial and statistical models for product evaluation, risk analysis and trading strategy development. Working on the trading floor, youll have the opportunity to build strong relationships across the business by providing quantitative expertise to traders and marketers, as well as our technology and compliance teams.  You will work alongside trading, quant strategy and technology teams to automate data gathering, validation and normalization processes. You will evaluate, automate and deploy research and back testing tools; and calibrate analytics models and develop delta one execution strategies to facilitate business growth.  You have outstanding academic achievements, a PhD in a quantitative discipline (e.g. maths, physics or engineering), are intellectually curious and self-motivated, and have great communication and collaboration skills. You can formulate business ideas mathematically and deliver practical solutions. You are experienced with large scale data analyses and modeling, have strong programming skills in Python or R, and have a basic knowledge of either C++/C#/Java. Database or Unix experience will be a plus.  This is an outstanding opportunity to be a part of a global front-office team, closely aligned with revenue generation!  Find out more about Macquarie careers at www.macquarie.com/careers  Commodities and Global Markets provides clients with an integrated, end-to-end offering across global markets including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or protected veteran status. Macquarie takes affirmative action in support of its policy to and advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.  *LI-SM2"
3090894972 0 81 4.1 "501 to 1000 employees" "Financial Transaction Processing" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Responsibilities/Accountabilities:Financial modeling and valuation analysis related to current businesses and new opportunitiesContract and pricing evaluations related to new or existing contract negotiationGeneral corporate financial projectsPresentation of board materialsProven business partnering skills with the ability to communicate financial information in a concise and accessible manner to non-finance personnel and management"
3091727037 1 108 3.8 "201 to 500 employees" "Computer Hardware & Software" "$10 to $25 million (USD) per year" " What's next in music is first on SoundCloud. As the world's largest open audio platform, SoundCloud is powered by a connected community of creators, listeners and curators who share, discover and influence what's new, now and next in music and audio.  At SoundCloud, as an open platform with millions of creators and listeners and several revenue models, we deal with complex questions everyday. To make better informed business decisions, we are looking for a exceptional Business Intelligence Senior Analyst who combines data science excellence with strong business acumen to distill relevant insight from the SC data asset. The role will be based in SoundCloud's New York Office and will be a core part of the Strategy & Research team. The Role: You will be an integral part in SoundCloud's Business Intelligence function to enable a deeper, data-based understanding of the development, trending and dynamics of the company's Creator and Listener business. You will drive sophistication of data-based decision making within the business units. Your work will directly inform strategic thinking across the company and impact, important short, mid-term decisions at middle and senior leadership level.  As Senior Analyst, Business Intelligence you will: Act as a central expert function at the company by designing and implementing our Creator and Listener analysis and reporting frameworksContribute as expert to strategic projects alongside Strategy and Business teams. Such contributions may include behavioral analyses, designing, running and analyzing experimentsIndependently run ad-hoc projects to analyze and understand business implications of proposed decisionsBuild sustainable cross functional relationships across the organization, especially Creator, Listener, Marketing leads, Data Science/Data Platform and Audience ResearchFeel comfortable using SQL, and occasionally Python, to access data when conducting analyses and building Tableau dashboardsWhat you'll bring to the team:Degree in quantitative field (strong academic track record preferred)5+ years of experience in leading tech firms, ideally with streaming, subscription and/or advertising backgroundExceptional analytical skills paired with excellent business judgementAbility to work with large data sets from multiple data sources with excellent SQL skills and some knowledge of PythonExperience with Data Warehouse infrastructure BigQuery and concepts as well designing and deploying ETLs in order to transform big data into meaningful business informationStrong sense of urgency, attention to detail paired with hands-on approach; Ability to handle complex situations with clarity and confidence and thorough analysis (you do the work!)Strong resiliency and ambition to get things done despite an often-changing market and competitive situationStrong communication/presentation skills with a track record of presenting complex analysis to senior managementExcellent ability to build relationships and networks with multiple functions, regions, and at all levels of the organizationExcellent stakeholder management skills with both technical and business audiencesMust strive to deliver excellent work quality If this sounds like you, then we look forward to reviewing your application.  Diversity at SoundCloud  SoundCloud is for everyone. Diversity and open expression are fundamental to our organization they help us build a social platform and global community where anyone can create, discover, and share sounds. We acknowledge the challenges in our industry and strive to develop an inclusive culture where everyone can contribute.SDL2017"
3092043798 0 86 3.6 "51 to 200 employees" "Staffing & Outsourcing" "$10 to $25 million (USD) per year" " &nbsp &nbsp Senior BI Consultant- Finance- NYC OR NJ Technical Skills: BI, Qlik, Qliksense, Qlikview, Qlik Sense, Qlik View, SQL, Tableau, Cognos, Business Objects, Big Data, Hadoop, Data Modeling, Data Warehousing, Power BI, JavaScript, AngularJS, Node.js Pay rate: $850- 900/ day NYC based Financial powerhouse is looking to build out their Business Intelligence Team located in either NJ or NYC. The ideal candidate has previous experience developing and architecting technology platforms using BI/reporting solutions. Previous programming experience with web development languages (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AngularJS, Node.js) is a plus. Qualifications Advanced SQL skills- comfortable with all aspects of database design techniques 3+ years working with Qlik (either QlikSense or Qlikview) Extensive experience working with data warehousing methodologies and familiarity with dimensional data modeling Other desired (but not required) skills Experience working with extremely large data volumes Understanding of BI tools: Tableau, Cognos, Business Objects Previous web experience: HTML, JavaScript, AngularJS, Node.js Understanding of ETL or ELT data modeling Experience working in a Big Data Environment For more information, please apply via the link. To get in touch directly, contact Stephanie Moriarty at 1-646-###-#### or by email at Those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply. - provided by Dice  BI, Qlik, Qliksense, Qlikview, Qlik Sense, Qlik View, SQL, Tableau, Cognos, Business Objects, Big Data, Hadoop, Data Modeling, Data Warehousing, Power BI, JavaScript, AngularJS, Node.js  Associated topics: business analytic, business intelligence, financial analyst, financial reporting analyst, investment analytics, investment banking, legal, market, refine, valuation analyst"
3093958908 0 87 4 "10000+ employees" "Colleges & Universities" "$2 to $5 billion (USD) per year" " The College of Dental Medicine's (CDM) three-fold mission is to educate dental students, provide comprehensive outpatient dental care, and conduct research. There are approximately 430 faculty, 410 students/residents, and nearly 200 staff. The Business intelligence Reporting Analyst will work in a small application development team and will initially be responsible for developing complex dashboard and reporting solutions that will sometimes require the build out of new data structures and models to achieve performance characteristics. The incumbent will work directly with end users to understand their requirements which will require strong interpersonal and analytical skills and a desire to solve users' problems. Reporting solutions may be built to meet administrative, financial, educational or management goals with a primary focus on the patient care clinic. Over time it is expected that the reporting analyst will next develop database administration (DBA) skills expanding responsibilities to perform such tasks. The opportunity also exists for the right candidate to expand responsibilities to become a full stack software engineer. Interacts with end customers to understand and interpret their requirements recommending potential reporting solutions. Designs, develops, tests and implements high quality reports that meet end user goals. Coordinates with end users to ensure their appropriate testing/validation of reports. Documents work in a clear manner in a version control system continuously. Monitors and optimizes the reporting environment to ensure it operates smoothly without issues automating any manual tasks. Communicates incidents/problems, reporting changes, enhancements, and modifications to appropriate parties in a timely manner. Builds strong relationships with fellow technology team members, pro-actively sharing relevant information, and improvement ideas to benefit the whole team. Pro-actively building new technology skills and constantly improving their work. Qualifications: Bachelor's degree and/or its equivalent required. Minimum 3-5 years' related experience. Strong SQL skills in one of Oracle or SQLServer with experience of performance optimization. Proven experience with report writing and technical requirements analysis, methodology development, and data modeling; Knowledge in importing data for use in report software, spreadsheets, graphs, and flowcharts; Excellent analytical and creative problem-solving skills; Excellent oral and written communications skills; Highly self-motivated and directed; Strong customer-service orientation; Experience working in a team-oriented environment; Proven ability to adjust quickly to shifting priorities, multiple demands and rapid change. Preferred: SQLServer Integration Services (SSIS) SQLServer Analytics Services (SSAS) Visual Studio Version Control System Usage (ideally Git) Python Bash scripting Docker Grafana / Statsd - provided by Dice  Strong SQL skills in one of Oracle or SQLServer with experience of performance optimization. Proven experience with report writing and technical requirements analysis."
3094035095 0 94 3.7 "10000+ employees" "Financial Analytics & Research" "$2 to $5 billion (USD) per year" "Product Owner Job Duties:  • You are the CEO of your product Drive product vision for new BI dashboards and bring a strong desire to innovate bringing ideas from prototypes to MVP to launchBring a high level of passion to achieving greater customer satisfaction in everything you doCollaborate daily within a scrum team and other cross-functional team membersManage product lifecycle activity for BI & portfolio management solutions Essential Functions:  • Be passionate about data visualization as a means of business optimization and process transformation Work with clients and internal stakeholders to deliver actionable insights through best-in-class BI dashboards & data visualizationsDrive vision for the data model needed to support the creation of new dashboards and reportingAbility to understand client needs and market trends through client interaction and other market researchGather market feedback around product positioning, pricing and revenue, competitor products, and translate into compelling product requirementsBe a self-starter when it comes to determining product priorities, including new features & initiatives that drive your product line forwardEvangelize your product internally and externally through new sales opportunities, high impact presentations, demos and development of relevant collateral (e.g. online demos, promotions, white papers, case studies, etc.)  ***Ideally this position would be based in Costa Mesa, CA however for a strong candidate, virtual/remote options are available anywhere in the United StatesExperience:Requires a minimum of 2+ years of relevant product management experienceExtensive experience designing BI dashboards in Tableau, MicroStrategy, QlikView or other relevant BI software.Previous hands-on experience working with data-driven solutions required.Proven track record in utilizing analytical tools & metrics for both managing product portfolios and creating product road mapsKnowledge, Skills and Abilities:Highly driven, dynamic self-starterIntermediate to advanced skills in in Tableau, MicroStrategy, QlikView or other relevant BI software.Team player, detail orientedFundamental understanding of core Agile principals including: writing user stories, managing your backlog while articulating your product vision to the scrum team.Prior experience working with JIRA and Confluence a plusOutstanding presentation, communication and information sharing skillsStrong analytical and problem solving skillsExcellent PC skills in Word, Excel and PowerPoint.Formal Training/Education:Bachelor degree requiredMBA preferred but not requiredPosition can be based anywhere in the United States however Costa Mesa, Ca is preferred"
3094237147 0 90 3.6 "10000+ employees" "Health Care Services & Hospitals" "$2 to $5 billion (USD) per year" " Keyword, Job Title, Requisition ID Location Create Alert ×Send me alerts every days  alert frequency in every certain daysShare this Job AddThis  Email  Facebook  Twitter  LinkedIn  Pinterest SENIOR APPLICATION ANALYST - EPIC AMBULATORY - 0451 Apply now » Apply now  StartPlease wait...Date: Jan 22, 2019 Location: YONKERS, NY, US#job-location.job-location-inline {  display: inline;  }Company: Montefiore Medical CenterMontefiore Medical Center has redefined healthcare. Through our multidisciplinary approach, we are able to provide access to a wide variety of medical specialties for a full range of clinical services, ensuring seamless, coordinated care for our patients. This unique team approach infuses camaraderie among physicians, nurses and other specialty care providers. Our EMR platform, Epic, supports our collaborative, team-oriented environment, which has contributed to our becoming one of the nation's premier healthcare systems. Our Epic team is comprised of over 150 IT professionals focused on streamlining the way we share patient information across clinical providers and business systems users, with the goal of making each patient’s experience seamless and patient-centered. The team includes Application & Clinical Analysts, Business Intelligence Analysts, Access & Revenue Cycle Analysts, Credentialed Trainers, Instructional Designers, Software Engineers, and their management. This elite organization takes pride in having completed our initial Epic implementation fully half a year ahead of schedule. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: The Senior Application Analyst for the Epic Ambulatory team to achieve in-depth knowledge of the Epic application and serve as a liaison between users and the Epic implementation staff. Additionally, will build, test and optimize workflows related to Ambulatory Primary Care, Care Management, Quality Management and Reporting. Essential to this role will be understanding quality metrics and data integrity, collaboration with the business intelligence development team and standardization of build across modules in order to ensure compliance with programs such as DSRIP, PCMH, MIPS/MACRA and Meaningful Use, as well as other state/federally mandated programs. The candidate must be able to interpret specification requirements from external reporting bodies requiring data submissions from the EHR, validate the results of reports, assist customers in aligning their workflows to meet specification requirements and train customers to consume and interpret data from Epic. RESPONSIBILITIES:· Install new applications, new components, and upgrade existing applications. Configure application settings and validate configurations performed by Application Analysts.  · Define go-live and rollout support schedule. Assist in the coordination of field support activities. Provide go-live and rollout support. Support users on new applications, modules, and functionality.  · Oversee analysis of necessary application modifications and work with the appropriate Montefiore IT Associate or the vendor to coordinate the modification.  · Provide advanced application troubleshooting support for the application(s). Resolve critical issues independently as necessary. Forward issues to the correct group for remediation or elevate it to the vendor if required. Determine how a new system, upgrade, or new component can best meet the needs of the users.  · Analyze business/clinical needs and requirements.  · Interpret end user requirements, by fully discussing potential options, and help client move towards optimal solution.  · Utilize extensive knowledge of the system to reveal potential issues related to user requests.  · Evaluate the operational workflow that is applied to the system.  · Create system specifications from user requirements.  · Create test plans and test new systems, version upgrades and any system modifications. Document all outcomes of testing.  · Proactively monitor the application(s) to recommend improvements and ways to increase efficiency.  · Write and maintain accurate and current documentation regarding application(s) supported by the team. Participate in the maintenance of training materials and disseminate materials to users. Review documentation and training materials prepared by Application Analysts.  · Provide timely, effective, and professional customer support on a 24x7 rotating basis. Work with the help desk and support personnel on escalated issues to identify problems and resolve them. Triage network, hardware, or workstation issues as required.  · Act as a liaison to the vendor for Montefiore IT or the client.  · Manage vendor communications needed for support, issue resolution and escalation.  · Coordinate vendor activities including hardware or software installation.  · Utilize strong client liaison skills in developing working relationships with clients. Work with clients to develop sound business improvements.  · Meet with or speak with users regularly to discuss open requests, current needs, and any outstanding issues. Act as the interface between the client (departmental users) and Montefiore IT departments.  · Performs other related duties as required.REQUIRED: · Epic certification in Ambulatory · Strong knowledge of AMB or Inpatient workflows  · Excellent critical thinking skills  · Strong desktop skills (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio)  · Ability to communicate effectively with people at all levels in the organization  · Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience. DESIRED: · Strong understanding of regulatory, quality, compliance, governmental, specialized registries and incentive programs  · Strong understanding of analytics, reporting, performance monitoring  · Previous experience in common BI platforms and/or Epic reporting tools: Reporting Workbench, Radar, Clarity, Slicer/Dicer DESIRED:Epic clinical certifications (ClinDoc preferably, Ambulatory, Beacon, Stork, ASAP)Knowledge of inpatient and ambulatory workflowsExperience working with third-party application vendorsProgramming or other technical skillsApplication implementation, troubleshooting, testing, and support experienceEDUCATION: Bachelors OR Relevant Working Experience in Healthcare Environment Department: Epic Bargaining Unit: Non Union Campus: YONKERS Employment Status: Regular Full-Time Address: 4 Executive Blvd, Yonkers Shift: Day Scheduled Hours: 8:30 AM-5 PM Req ID: 97703 Montefiore is an equal employment opportunity employer. Montefiore will recruit, hire, train, transfer, promote, layoff and discharge associates in all job classifications without regard to their race, color, religion, creed, national origin, alienage or citizenship status, age, gender, actual or presumed disability, history of disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic predisposition or carrier status, pregnancy, military status, marital status, or partnership status, or any other characteristic protected by law. LI-KK1-REDIRECT; SF-MIT Nearest Major Market: Yonkers Nearest Secondary Market: New York City Apply now » Apply now  StartPlease wait...Find similar jobs: Jobs in New York City,  Epic Jobs Regular Full-Time,  Epic Jobs by Day Shift,  Epic Jobs,  Epic × Sign inWe noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue. Email*Not you? Password* Forgot Password? Submit Cancelrequired field × Sign inWe noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue. Email*Not you? Password* Forgot Password? Submit Cancelrequired field × Account VerificationWe noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community\" and “Application\" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts. Account Email: Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.Reset your password:The \"reset password\" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.Click here to reset your Password2. Enter your NEW password here: Submit Cancel × Account VerificationWe noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community\" and “Application\" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts. Account Email: Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.Reset your password:The \"reset password\" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.Click here to reset your Password2. Enter your NEW password here: Submit Cancel × Account VerificationYour accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems. Confirm × Account VerificationYour accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems. Confirm × Already a MemberYou are already a user of this site. Please sign in. Email*  Not you? Password*Forgot Password? Sign in Cancelrequired field × Already a MemberYou are already a user of this site. Please sign in. Email*  Not you? Password*Forgot Password? Sign in Cancelrequired field × Start Your Application Existing Users Email* Password*Forgot Password? Sign inrequired field New UsersCreate a new account now! Start Your ApplicationReceive Email UpdatesJoin our Talent Community Create × Create Profile Working...Next » × Create Profile Working...Next »"
3094327427 0 100 2.9 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Internet" "$100 to $500 million (USD) per year" " The Product Development Team oversees creating best in class products and meeting the changing demands of the marketplace. We are looking for a dynamic and experienced product leader to help us continue to grow. The Product Manager will lead growing our products through defining the product vision and strategy to ensure quality product improvements meeting customer and business needs. He or she will actively engage in customer facing activity while managing product prioritization, business requirement definition, and product delivery. As part of a growing organization, this role will need to quickly and effectively adapt to changes of the service and provide insights to drive the growth of the business.  Our ideal candidate will have had extensive experience working with product and development teams in an E-Commerce, Software Solutions, or CRM Environment. The Product Manager will be responsible for driving product development and must be able to influence and dive deep into the details on business, product, and service. This leader will help build and grow our organization. Product Managers will build and document business requirements.Define roadmap for initial delivery and to drive ongoing roadmap developments and define suggestions for growth.Lead cross functional team including customer, partners, engineering, product, and operations, to deliver against required product growth milestones and deliverables.Actively participate in reviewing and authoring business analysis and functional specifications.Partner with engineering to drive technical projects and provide leadership in an Agile development process, setting scope, prioritizing features & stories, managing daily progress, and defining acceptance criteria.Collaborate with other Product Managers, UX/UI Designers and Engineering teams to drive successful integrations across products.Product Managers will actively cultivate a collaborative, high-performance environment to grow the team’s development capabilities.Resolve tactical issues to ensure effective and efficient project management and product development processes.Maintain high level of understanding of common support issues and stay current on select product stability and critical issues.Our best Product Managers maintain expert levels of knowledge in selected TravelClick products to leverage our existing recreation platform.Drive continual product improvements and inform the product roadmap with new ideas based on ongoing customer research, market/competitive analysis, and product performance.Work closely with operational, marketing, and sales teams to understand their needs and incorporate them into the broader set of requirements.Clearly communicate product plans, benefits and results.Basic QualificationsBachelor’s Degree required.4 - 7 years’ experience in Technical Product Management, Product Management, Consulting or Strategy.Additional CharacteristicsConfident leader with relentless focus on results and outcomes, ability to develop a vision and strategy, influence leadership to support that vision and execute that vision.Exceptional communication and leadership skills and proven ability to inspire and lead across cross-functional teams.Strong analytic skills and ability to consume complex information and develop recommendations.Strong ability to speak in-depth with engineering staff and leaders about implications and trade-offs of decisions.Ability to define product vision by producing clear product requirements, user stories and architecture diagrams.Motivated self-starter with a proven track record of taking products to market from idea conception to launch in a fast-paced environment.Savvy leader with exceptional bandwidth who can navigate a high growth, rapidly changing organization.Experience working with systems at scale.Outstanding written and oral communication skills.Experience in hospitality systems/products a plus.Impeccable customer focus and professionalism.#LI-JA1All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status."
3094685930 0 101 3.3 "10000+ employees" "Health Care Products Manufacturing" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" " Job Description Summary Job DescriptionReporting to the Associate Director, Distributor Chargeback Operations, this newly created position oversees a team of analysts and specialists and the operational execution of distributor chargebacks, sales tracings, related customer matching and cross referencing, and chargeback AR for all US business segments.  Engaging and collaborating closely with Distributor partners, GPOs, BD Channel Management, Sales Leaders, Finance, and other Commercial Operations pillars, this management position will drive best in class, innovative, enterprise operational capabilities and also establish policy, process and governance to ensure the effective implementation of complex, critical chargeback and sales tracing activities to optimize US Region results and mitigate overall financial risk. This leadership position directly manages an overall organization of approximately 5 - 10 associates, with primary US Region accountability. Essential Responsibilities:Lead team operations for all aspects of the chargeback and sales tracing processes including submissions, resubmissions, error resolution, and distributor chargeback settlementsCollaborate with our distributor partners to identify, develop and drive business process continuous improvement activities, conduct root cause analysis, determine error prevention solutions, and negotiate distributor settlementsLead maintenance of customer master data including Distributor Partner Cross Referencing and the creation and management of Non-Transactional accountsLead chargeback AR reconciliation between Vistex and SAP Finance systems and implement processes for improved team accuracy, efficiency, and reduced riskPartner with the Channel Management team to address distributor chargeback opportunities and optimize the management of distributor agreements, to strengthen relationships and enhance the customer experienceLead design and drive implementation of a more efficient chargeback resolution process with distributor partnersDrive continuous process and system improvement initiatives across the Commercial Contract Operations functional teamsSupport Associate Director with industry organization collaboration and initiatives to develop and drive best industry practices in an effort to increase pricing accuracy, eliminate errors, and streamline processesExercise appropriate controls to minimize disputed chargeback financial exposure and rebate reserves across all businessesCollaborate with IT partners to ensure business requirements are met and technical functionality and performance appropriately supports activitiesProvide subject matter expertise and drive the design and application of business process and system integration across commercial contracting functional teamsEnsure team training and capability for chargeback process internal control procedures, monitor SOX compliance, and support auditsMaintain all chargeback related training material and updated desktop procedures to drive standard team practices that adhere to best practice efficiency and accuracyDefine and enforce policies, procedures, and processes to harmonize all aspects of distributor operations, with appropriate flexibility to meet customer / market needs and dynamicsIdentify and understand key areas of change management with the ability to recognize and communicate the impact of change to Chargeback Operations functional teamsUnderstand and measure team performance for KPIs (key performance indicators), SLAs (service level agreements), and IIGs to drive accountability and achievement of key strategic goalsInspire and empower the team to act with speed, agility and accountability enabling them to achieve excellence.QUALIFICATIONSEducation & ExperienceBA/BS required5+ years experience across commercial contract operations, analytics, finance, policy and process development, continuous improvement and distributor relationships2+ years experience in leading teams is preferred, strong understanding of business process / operations and strong relationships with Sales Leadership and external customers.Knowledge, Skills & AbilitiesStrong technical skills in applications such as MS Access, Excel, Qlik, Business Intelligence and Vistex SAP ERP systems along with analytics and reporting solutions experienceProven ability to quickly establish credibility, trust, and support within all levels of organizationAbility to collaborate with distributors partners, Channel Management, and Finance to drive best in class chargeback operations efficiency, timeliness and accuracyAnalytical problem solver with business acumen. Able to evaluate key business drivers and develop clear solution recommendationsStrong project management skills and ability to drive team resultsDemonstrated customer centricity skills and consistent expectations across teamAbility to stimulate and enable innovative thinking to drive change and effectiveness through high automation and process excellenceAbility to build and motivate a team to achieve well communicated expectationsStrong communications; change management experience a plusAbility to travel, up to ~10-20%Key CompetenciesCustomer FocusDrive for ResultsProcess/Operational EffectivenessTeamworkLeadership CourageTalent ManagementTechnical / Analytical / Functional Proficiency Primary Work LocationUSA NJ - Franklin Lakes  Additional LocationsUSA IL - Vernon Hills  Work Shift"
3095265242 0 133 4 "51 to 200 employees" "Internet" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "About Foursquare: Foursquare is a technology company that enriches consumer experiences and informs business decisions through location intelligence. A community of more than 50 million people use the Foursquare City Guide and Foursquare Swarm apps and websites to discover new places, explore the world and check in. They have written more than 95 million tips and checked in over 12 billion times. Foursquare powers location data for Snapchat, Apple, Uber, Twitter and 125,000 other developers. Foursquare's business solutions also include Pinpoint, Attribution, Pilgrim SDK and Foursquare Analytics, which empower brands to understand and connect to targeted audiences as well as measure foot traffic and advertising success. About This Position: The Manager, Business Intelligence will partner with the existing ops team and help drive analysis specific to our go-to-market strategy, leveraging our data to build better prioritization and focus essential to scaling our world-class Sales team. This includes planning, reporting, assisting in quota setting and management, program management, sales process optimization, and creating internal business intelligence reports that track the health of the sales organization as well as our enterprise offerings.  The Manager, Business Intelligence is responsible for the overall productivity and effectiveness of the sales organization and will work closely with internal and external stakeholders to ensure the appropriate objectives and priorities within the sales organization are set, enabled, and tracked. Responsibilities:Conduct sophisticated investigations and analysis of complex data and translate the results into actionable deliverables, messages and presentations that guide strategic choices across the Sales organizationManage and drive key projects end to end in terms of orchestrating all the right key stakeholders, doing check-ins and managing timely deliverables and overall results back to Ops team and leadership connected to said projectDevelop regular, optimized reporting (e.g., weekly forecasting, QBRs) that enable Sales leadership to keep a pulse on business performance, including clear insight into key business driversIdentify and evaluate trends and performance measured against sales targets and strategic initiativesIdentifying, diagnosing, and resolving problems of varying levels of complexity, prioritizing critical client issues and identifying department needsRecommend and develop new sales support initiatives to expand and improve outputEvaluate new and existing tools to help the sales team get the most value from software investmentsQualifications:5+ years of experience working in sales, business or marketing operations, or business management and leading a teamA deep understanding of sales operations and Salesforce with a minimum of five (5) years direct relevant experienceProven leader with demonstrated expertise in developing and implementing streamlined processesGreat communication skills with the ability to translate complex data analyses into clear and compelling narratives for Sales and Business leadersGreat attention to detail, self-motivated, and the ability to work in a fast-paced, results-oriented environmentExcellent data analytics skills and strong business acumen; proven ability to leverage complex datasets to refine and answer significant strategic questionsStrong technical, research, problem solving and collaboration skillsExpert in BI tools and CRM systems; highly proficient using and managing SalesforceBachelor's degree in business, finance, sales/marketing, or related discipline Foursquare is proud to foster an inclusive environment that is free from discrimination. We strongly believe in order to build the best products, we need a diversity of perspectives and backgrounds. This leads to a more delightful experience for our users and team members. We value listening to every voice and we encourage everyone to come be a part of building a company and products we love.  Foursquare is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law."
3095365520 1 96 3.9 "501 to 1000 employees" "IT Services" "$50 to $100 million (USD) per year" " Xpanxion is looking to add a Application Developer ( Data Transformation SME). These teams can expect to use data as a strategic enabler of corporate goals. The team will achieve this by designing, developing, and implementing data models for enterprise-level applications and systems. These teams will participate in the development and adherence to corporate data standards, governance, data modeling methodologies and data processing best practices. Responsibilities will vary by position but may include:ETL expertise to sanitize and transform data according to defined development user storiesDevelops and maintains all levels of data models for the organization (Enterprise, Conceptual, Logical, Physical)Ensures adherence to data principles/standards, provides framework, stewardship, governance, and decision making for management of data for project development teams, business users and other stakeholders.Responsible for maintenance of a data dictionary and support for the roll-out of metadata management processes and tools.Recommend and evaluate new tools and methodologies.Review technical documents to ensure consistency, accuracy, and compliance with enterprise data architecture standards and processes.Ensure quality of technical deliverables throughout the development life-cycle through active participation in projects.Develops and continues to provide effective communication both within the team and across the IT departmentMaintains a strong understanding of technology and its application to achieve IT and business objectivesQualifications and Requirements3+ years working as a Data Analyst, Database Administrator, or other relevant positionsData Architecture and Data Modeling concepts.Experience in system integrations preferred.Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.Strong systems analysis skills.Excellent verbal and written communication skills.Experience in Microsoft SQL & SSISExpertise in Google applications such as : Big Query, Data Prep / Data FlowStrong project and time-management skills to ensure timely delivery of assigned tasks.Perks and BenefitsExtensive Training and development programsWeekly feedback meetings with supervisorsCompetitiveâ¯SalaryTeam building eventsEvery month, each of our U.S. based locations has a morale events, whether itâs a monthly happy hour, pay day breakfast, or office Olympics!Room for growthFlexible schedule18 Days of PTO and 11 HolidaysHealth, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance401kBonus ProgramsDisclaimer: Xpanxion is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class  * For questions please contact: careers@xpanxion.com"
3095388441 1 97 4.4 "5001 to 10000 employees" "Consulting" "$1 to $2 billion (USD) per year" " Slalom is a purpose-driven consulting firm that helps companies solve business problems and build for the future, with solutions spanning business advisory, customer experience, technology, and analytics. We partner with companies to push the boundaries of whats possibletogether.  Founded in 2001 and headquartered in Seattle, WA, Slalom has organically grown to nearly 6,000 employees. We were named one of Fortunes 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2018 and are regularly recognized by our employees as a best place to work. You can find us in 28 cities across the U.S., U.K., and Canada.  Data Visualization & Discovery Consultant  Responsibilities: Collaborate with business users and analyze user requirements. Create Tableau, Qlikview, and/or Spotfire solutions and required supporting architecture (e.g., data marts) Lead and mentor data visualization developers in information presentation & delivery. Create functional & technical documentation related to Business Intelligence solutions. Provide thought leadership, best practices, and standards required to deliver effective solutions to clients. Qualifications: Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field, or foreign degree equivalent. 2+ years of progressive post-baccalaureate experience in the field of Business Intelligence or Information Management. 1+ years of experience with data visualization implementing high value-add solutions and performing administrative activities across a multi-environment infrastructure. Exceptional analytical, conceptual, and problem-solving abilities. Strong written/oral communication and presentation/interpersonal skills. Highly self-motivated and able to work independently as well as in a team environment. Demonstrable proficiency with enterprise Business Intelligence tools (e.g., Tableau, QlikView, MicroStrategy, Cognos, etc.) Advanced knowledge of SQL, including the ability to write stored procedures, triggers, analytic/windowing functions, and tuning. Knowledge of relational and dimensional database structures, theories, principles, and practices Slalom is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law."
3095618564 0 133 4 "51 to 200 employees" "Internet" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "About Foursquare: Foursquare is a technology company that enriches consumer experiences and informs business decisions through location intelligence. A community of more than 50 million people use the Foursquare City Guide and Foursquare Swarm apps and websites to discover new places, explore the world and check in. They have written more than 95 million tips and checked in over 12 billion times. Foursquare powers location data for Snapchat, Apple, Uber, Twitter and 125,000 other developers. Foursquare’s business solutions also include Pinpoint, Attribution, Pilgrim SDK and Foursquare Analytics, which empower brands to understand and connect to targeted audiences as well as measure foot traffic and advertising success. About This Position: The Manager, Business Intelligence will partner with the existing ops team and help drive analysis specific to our go-to-market strategy, leveraging our data to build better prioritization and focus essential to scaling our world-class Sales team. This includes planning, reporting, assisting in quota setting and management, program management, sales process optimization, and creating internal business intelligence reports that track the health of the sales organization as well as our enterprise offerings.  The Manager, Business Intelligence is responsible for the overall productivity and effectiveness of the sales organization and will work closely with internal and external stakeholders to ensure the appropriate objectives and priorities within the sales organization are set, enabled, and tracked. Responsibilities:Conduct sophisticated investigations and analysis of complex data and translate the results into actionable deliverables, messages and presentations that guide strategic choices across the Sales organizationManage and drive key projects end to end in terms of orchestrating all the right key stakeholders, doing check-ins and managing timely deliverables and overall results back to Ops team and leadership connected to said projectDevelop regular, optimized reporting (e.g., weekly forecasting, QBRs) that enable Sales leadership to keep a pulse on business performance, including clear insight into key business driversIdentify and evaluate trends and performance measured against sales targets and strategic initiativesIdentifying, diagnosing, and resolving problems of varying levels of complexity, prioritizing critical client issues and identifying department needsRecommend and develop new sales support initiatives to expand and improve outputEvaluate new and existing tools to help the sales team get the most value from software investmentsQualifications:5+ years of experience working in sales, business or marketing operations, or business management and leading a teamA deep understanding of sales operations and Salesforce with a minimum of five (5) years direct relevant experienceProven leader with demonstrated expertise in developing and implementing streamlined processesGreat communication skills with the ability to translate complex data analyses into clear and compelling narratives for Sales and Business leadersGreat attention to detail, self-motivated, and the ability to work in a fast-paced, results-oriented environmentExcellent data analytics skills and strong business acumen; proven ability to leverage complex datasets to refine and answer significant strategic questionsStrong technical, research, problem solving and collaboration skillsExpert in BI tools and CRM systems; highly proficient using and managing SalesforceBachelor's degree in business, finance, sales/marketing, or related discipline Foursquare is proud to foster an inclusive environment that is free from discrimination. We strongly believe in order to build the best products, we need a diversity of perspectives and backgrounds. This leads to a more delightful experience for our users and team members. We value listening to every voice and we encourage everyone to come be a part of building a company and products we love.  Foursquare is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law."
3095727492 0 85 4.5 "201 to 500 employees" "Advertising & Marketing" "$50 to $100 million (USD) per year" " Innovid is an award-winning technology platform delivering immersive advertising, anywhere. Founded in 2007, Innovid provides visionary marketers with the tools to create, deliver, and measure video campaigns, in any format, on any screen, publisher, or ad network. We are the leader in interactive video advertising and currently reimagining the possibilities for interactive engagement across multiple screens. Our customers are some of the world's most successful brands, which we serve through our offices in New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago, Detroit, London, Sydney, and Tel Aviv. The Revenue Operations team retrieves, analyzes, and presents key performance related to data necessary to support Sales, Client Services, and Executive Management teams in order to help the company and its clients make better business decisions. Team members are experts in all internal performance and revenue metrics and must develop a deep understanding of Innovid's products and services and how they provide value and offer solutions for our client's business needs. We are seeking someone who will help optimize processes leading to account strategy & management along with providing insights to help drive commercial value to our clients (advertisers & agencies) ResponsibilitiesDesign, create, & evangelize reports and dashboards for internal and external performance analysis and to unlock revenue opportunities; Provide insights and recommendations that enable strong management within the commercial teamsWork cross-functionally and closely with senior leadership to provide on-time deliverables such as revenue forecasts, board materials & executive presentationsBuild operational processes that enable stronger performance monitoring and increase efficiencyOwn the integrity of data across multiple systems: SalesForce, Datorama, Jira etc. Requirements2+ years of experience in a similar role (in digital marketing a plus)Extensive experience with excel (pivot tables, vlookups, graphs) or data analysis program such as RProven ability to draw actionable insights from dataExcellent presentation and storytelling skills with PowerPointStrong self-starter & ability to work with minimal supervisionExperience with SalesForce - PreferredExperience with data visualization software tools (like datorama) - Preferred What we offerHigh visibility role with a tremendous amount of growth potentialFuture management opportunitiesWork hard, play hard atmosphereEndless snacks & beverages"
3095804144 0 132 2.7 "5001 to 10000 employees" "Banks & Credit Unions" "$500 million to $1 billion (USD) per year" " Description:[POSITION SUMMARY] Responsible for advanced portfolio risk analysis and developing the necessary forecasts and financial models to allow the senior leadership of the Bank to manage the Banks solvency and capital position. [POSITION DUTIES] Analyze and document the results for a wide range of internal and external audiences including senior management and bank regulators. Report on the results consistent with regulatory expectations (Y-14A, etc.).,Implement the models into a framework that integrates inputs from various areas to allow a combined, cohesive view of portfolio performance through the stress test horizon.,In coordination with Methodology and external third parties, participate in the design and evolution of the Banks existing suite of stress test forecasting models.,Model the impact of idiosyncratic stress tests. Document, explain, and incorporate the analysis into the Banks capital plan and/or other areas as required by CCAR/DFAST. There is a strong emphasis in model documentation and results analysis.,Work on executing the stress test on a semi-annual basis, or more frequently if needed, coordinating with Treasury, CRMIS, and other areas as needed to bring together the required inputs.Qualification:[QUALIFICATION] Minimum 4 year bachelors degree in a quantitative discipline (statistics, mathematics, economics, etc.). Advanced degree in a quantitative discipline preferred. If Master Degree then 1-2 years of working experience, if bachelors degree then 2+ years of [EXPERIENCE] Between 1 - 2 years [SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE] Familiarity with all types of credit products, their structure and behavior in various economic environments. Well versed in economic fundamentals and how to apply those within the construct of the job.,Information & Data Management,Qualitative & Analytical Judgment & Decision Making,Regulatory Knowledge & Application Risk Management & Control,Strong knowledge of Microsoft Access, Excel, and Powerpoint, particularly knowledge of Visual Basic and usage of macros within Excel. Prior experience building financial models within Excel very important.,Working knowledge of data querying languages and software, such SQL, ODBC, OLEDB desired. Solid understanding of statistics. Familiarity with statistical software packages such as SAS, Stata, R, SPSS, or Minitab would be a plus."
3096035665 1 85 3.8 "10000+ employees" "Motion Picture Production & Distribution" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" " We are seeking a Data Analyst who will focus on analyzing subscriber retention and engagement. Collaborating across marketing, product, data engineering, data science and business teams, this position will design and implement reporting that enables internal clients to access, explore and monitor data, as well as perform analysis and share underlying trends and insights to help teams have a better understanding of the ESPN+ and Disney+ subscribers, audience behavior and engagement drivers.Responsibilities :Mine data, perform quantitative analysis and create clear and actionable narratives about our audience, their behaviors, and drivers of retention and engagement.Partner with colleagues facilitating the design, build and automation of reports / dashboards that provide insight into customer conversion and behavior.Build intuitive interfaces, infographics, and visualizations to tell stories with data.Create presentations with analysis and insights for both technical and non-technical audiences.Basic Qualifications :2+ years of analytical experience, 1 of these years must be work experience using SQL and Python/R or other statistical programming language.Familiarity with data exploration and data visualization tools like Tableau, Looker, Chartio, etc. It is a plus if you can share a portfolio of clear, intuitive and insightful visualizations.Understanding of statistics concepts (e.g., hypothesis testing, regression analysis).Ability to think strategically, analyze and interpret market and consumer information.Strong communication skills, as well as written and verbal presentation skills.Required Education :College degree in an analytical field."
3096145370 0 83 4 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Computer Hardware & Software" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Associate Data AnalystData Analysts are the creative thought leaders responsible for leveraging data to maximize performance for our most strategic clients and our product as a whole. We partner closely with the Account Management, Services, Product, Data Science, and Engineering teams to study client and product performance data, identify areas for improvement, and implement enhancements to drive success on our platform. Our team is focused on tool-building and teaching others so that we can scale analytical capabilities across AppNexus. This role is perfect for someone who has a quantitatively-oriented degree, commercial work experience, a passion for mathematics, analytics, and coding, and a strong desire to use data to inspire success for our customers.About the team:The core mission of the Analytics organization is to drive strategy and execution across the company using data to inform and empower our partners. Whether we’re working with client-facing field teams or internal decision makers, we aim to meet any reporting, analytics, visualization and story-telling needs they may have. Beyond our data capabilities, our team acts as consultants for our partners, breaking down every request to ensure that the analytical insights we’re providing will truly help achieve our partners’ goals. Our toolkit includes elements of theory – probability models, statistics, machine learning, game theory – as well as practical tools and techniques for manipulating and exploring vast quantities of data. Depending on the exact role, we work closely with Production Engineers, Product Managers, Operations, Account Managers, Services, Marketing, and sometimes directly with clients to create novel features, systems, and analyses. We love that our contributions further AppNexus’ position as a pioneer and thought-leader in the AdTech industry, but at the end of the day, we measure our efforts based on the impact and value we create for our clients and internal teammates.About the job:Become an expert in Real Time Bidding (RTB) buying and selling strategies, optimization & yield management algorithms, and data visualizationWork closely with internal teammates and our largest clients to provide Return on Investment (ROI)-focused insights and recommendationsAnalyze and problem solve client performance issuesDesign and execute A/B tests to assess the impact of potential buying strategy, optimization technique, or product releasePartner with Data Science, Product and Engineering teams to roll out and monitor success of new algorithms and product linesDemonstrate thought leadership in digital media analytics and optimizationHelp build our Analytics practice by developing training materials, customer facing assets and internal resourcesProvide feedback and share knowledge with other teams across the companyAbout your skills and experience:2-5 years of relevant analytics work experience and a quantitatively-oriented degreeExperience working with extremely large datasets in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial and fluid start-up environmentStrong analytical and problem-solving skills with a demonstrable passion to dig into terabytes of data and quickly construct toolsExperience with data visualization and using data to tell a storyMastery of MS Excel; experience with relational databases, SQL and Python (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas)Proven excellence at formulating, understanding, and solving complex, non-routine problemsOutstanding organization and presentation skillsStrong written and verbal communication skillsMore about you:You are passionate about a culture of learning and teaching. You love challenging yourself to constantly improve, and sharing your knowledge to empower othersYou like to take risks when looking for novel solutions to complex problems. If faced with roadblocks, you continue to reach higher to make greatness happenYou care about solving big, systemic problems. You look beyond the surface to understand root causes so that you can build long-term solutions for the whole ecosystemYou believe in not only serving customers, but also empowering them by providing knowledge and toolsAppNexus is proud to offer equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We strive to foster a diverse, inclusive and engaging work environment. We welcome applications from all candidates and look forward to receiving yours! Our inclusivity in action:Partnering with Path Forward to offer returnships to help caregivers reenter the workforceSharing feedback openly through roundtable discussions on how to make progress on our Diversity & Inclusion goalsGalvanizing diversity and inclusion through our affinity groups (including OutNexus, AppNexus Women’s Network, AppNexus Latino Alliance and BlackNexus to name just a few!)Partnering with Fairygodboss to support our commitment to women’s advancement in techProviding reasonable accommodations for persons with disabilities, both for interviewees and for employees. Should you require an accommodation, please let us know at your earliest convenience so that we may make arrangements"
3096238638 0 128 4.2 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " Research AnalystMPG Operations, LLC seeks Research Analyst, Technology in New York, NY, to gather market data and prepare screens to track and analyze trends in stocks for Internet and Payments companies. Requirements: Bachelor’s degree or foreign equivalent in Finance, Mathematics, or a related field and three (3) years of experience in the job offered or a related occupation: performing regression analysis of companies; utilizing Microsoft Excel; performing financial modeling and financial accounting; and utilizing Bloomberg and Capital IQ. Submit resume to recruiting@mlp.com & indicate job code LX010419WEB. MPG Operations LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. No applicant for employment with MPG Operations LLC shall be subjected to discrimination because of race, color, sex, national origin, religion, disability, age, reprisal for engaging in anti-discrimination activities, protected genetic information, sexual orientation or parental status."
3096679052 0 83 4 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Computer Hardware & Software" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " Associate Data AnalystData Analysts are the creative thought leaders responsible for leveraging data to maximize performance for our most strategic clients and ourproduct as a whole. We partner closely with the Account Management, Services, Product, Data Science, and Engineering teams to study client and product performance data, identify areas for improvement, and implement enhancements to drive success on our platform. Our team is focused on tool-building and teaching others so that we can scale analytical capabilities across AppNexus. This role is perfect for someone who has a quantitatively-oriented degree, commercial work experience, a passion for mathematics, analytics, and coding, and a strong desire to use data to inspire success for our customers.About the team:The core mission of the Analytics organization is to drive strategy and execution across the company using data to inform and empower our partners. Whether were working with client-facing field teams or internal decision makers, we aim to meet any reporting, analytics, visualization and story-telling needs they may have. Beyond our data capabilities, our team acts as consultants for our partners, breaking down every request to ensure that the analytical insights were providing will truly help achieve our partners goals.Our toolkit includes elements of theory probability models, statistics, machine learning, game theory as well as practical tools and techniques for manipulating and exploring vast quantities of data. Depending on the exact role, we work closely with Production Engineers, Product Managers, Operations, Account Managers, Services, Marketing, and sometimes directly with clients to create novel features, systems, and analyses.We love that our contributions further AppNexus position as a pioneer and thought-leader in the AdTech industry, but at the end of the day, we measure our efforts based on the impact and value we create for our clients and internal teammates.About the job:Become an expert in Real Time Bidding (RTB) buying and selling strategies, optimization & yield management algorithms, and data visualizationWork closely with internal teammates and our largest clients to provide Return on Investment (ROI)-focused insights and recommendationsAnalyze and problem solve client performance issuesDesign and execute A/B tests to assess the impact of potential buying strategy, optimization technique, or product releasePartner with Data Science, Product and Engineering teams to roll out and monitor success of new algorithms and product linesDemonstrate thought leadership in digital media analytics and optimizationHelp build our Analytics practice by developing training materials, customer facing assets and internal resourcesProvide feedback and share knowledge with other teams across the companyAbout your skills and experience:2-5 years of relevant analytics work experience and a quantitatively-oriented degreeExperience working with extremely large datasets in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial and fluid start-up environmentStrong analytical and problem-solving skills with a demonstrable passion to dig into terabytes of data and quickly construct toolsExperience with data visualization and using data to tell a storyMastery of MS Excel; experience with relational databases, SQL and Python (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas)Proven excellence at formulating, understanding, and solving complex, non-routine problemsOutstanding organization and presentation skillsStrong written and verbal communication skillsMore about you:You are passionate about a culture of learning and teaching. You love challenging yourself to constantly improve, and sharing your knowledge to empower othersYou like to take risks when looking for novel solutions to complex problems. If faced with roadblocks, you continue to reach higher to make greatness happenYou care about solving big, systemic problems. You look beyond the surface to understand root causes so that you can build long-term solutions for the whole ecosystemYou believe in not only serving customers, but also empowering them by providing knowledge and toolsAppNexus is proud to offer equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We strive to foster a diverse, inclusive and engaging work environment. We welcome applications from all candidates and look forward to receiving yours! Ourinclusivityin action:Partnering with Path Forward to offerreturnshipsto help caregiversreenter the workforceSharing feedback openly through roundtable discussions on how to make progress on ourDiversity & Inclusion goalsGalvanizing diversity and inclusionthrough our affinity groups (includingOutNexus, AppNexus Womens Network, AppNexus Latino Alliance and BlackNexus to name just a few!)Partnering withFairygodbossto support our commitment to womens advancement in techProviding reasonable accommodations for persons with disabilities, both for interviewees and for employees. Should you require an accommodation, please let us know at your earliest convenience so that we maymake arrangementsHiring Manager:Michael BrennerRecruiter:Keona CampbellSDL2017"
3096875055 1 85 3.8 "10000+ employees" "Motion Picture Production & Distribution" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" " We are seeking a Data Analyst who will focus on analyzing subscriber retention and engagement. Collaborating across marketing, product, data engineering, data science and business teams, this position will design and implement reporting that enables internal clients to access, explore and monitor data, as well as perform analysis and share underlying trends and insights to help teams have a better understanding of the ESPN+ and Disney+ subscribers, audience behavior and engagement drivers.Responsibilities :Mine data, perform quantitative analysis and create clear and actionable narratives about our audience, their behaviors, and drivers of retention and engagement.Partner with colleagues facilitating the design, build and automation of reports / dashboards that provide insight into customer conversion and behavior.Build intuitive interfaces, infographics, and visualizations to tell stories with data.Create presentations with analysis and insights for both technical and non-technical audiences.Basic Qualifications :2+ years of analytical experience, 1 of these years must be work experience using SQL and Python/R or other statistical programming language.Familiarity with data exploration and data visualization tools like Tableau, Looker, Chartio, etc. It is a plus if you can share a portfolio of clear, intuitive and insightful visualizations.Understanding of statistics concepts (e.g., hypothesis testing, regression analysis).Ability to think strategically, analyze and interpret market and consumer information.Strong communication skills, as well as written and verbal presentation skills.Required Education :College degree in an analytical field."
3097149873 0 100 3.7 "10000+ employees" "Financial Analytics & Research" "$2 to $5 billion (USD) per year" " Description Product Owner Job Duties:You are the CEO of your productDrive product vision for new BI dashboards and bring a strong desire to innovate bringing ideas from prototypes to MVP to launchBring a high level of passion to achieving greater customer satisfaction in everything you doCollaborate daily within a scrum team and other cross-functional team membersManage product lifecycle activity for BI & portfolio management solutionsEssential Functions:Be passionate about data visualization as a means of business optimization and process transformationWork with clients and internal stakeholders to deliver actionable insights through best-in-class BI dashboards & data visualizationsDrive vision for the data model needed to support the creation of new dashboards and reportingAbility to understand client needs and market trends through client interaction and other market researchGather market feedback around product positioning, pricing and revenue, competitor products, and translate into compelling product requirementsBe a self-starter when it comes to determining product priorities, including new features & initiatives that drive your product line forwardEvangelize your product internally and externally through new sales opportunities, high impact presentations, demos and development of relevant collateral (e.g. online demos, promotions, white papers, case studies, etc.)**Ideally this position would be based in Costa Mesa, CA however for a strong candidate, virtual/remote options are available anywhere in the United States Knowledge, Experience & Qualifications Experience:Requires a minimum of 2+ years of relevant product management experienceExtensive experience designing BI dashboards in Tableau, MicroStrategy, QlikView or other relevant BI software.Previous hands-on experience working with data-driven solutions required.Proven track record in utilizing analytical tools & metrics for both managing product portfolios and creating product road mapsKnowledge, Skills and Abilities:Highly driven, dynamic self-starterIntermediate to advanced skills in in Tableau, MicroStrategy, QlikView or other relevant BI software.Team player, detail orientedFundamental understanding of core Agile principals including: writing user stories, managing your backlog while articulating your product vision to the scrum team.Prior experience working with JIRA and Confluence a plusOutstanding presentation, communication and information sharing skillsStrong analytical and problem solving skillsExcellent PC skills in Word, Excel and PowerPoint.Formal Training/Education:Bachelor degree requiredMBA preferred but not requiredPosition can be based anywhere in the United States however Costa Mesa, Ca is preferred"
3097299787 0 111 3.9 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Stock Exchanges" "$2 to $5 billion (USD) per year" " Nasdaq Global Information Services leverages reliable, scalable technology and robust distribution channels to provide comprehensive benchmarks and market data solutions across asset classes and regions. We equip financial institutions and investors with essential market transparency to make informed decisions. Our Global Data Products provide innovative real-time and historical market data as well as analytic data solutions designed to meet new industry challenges. Nasdaq Global Indexes support financial product sponsors across a wide-spectrum of investable products and asset managers to measure risk and performance. Our diverse families include the Nasdaq-100, Dividend Achievers, Global Equity, Dorsey Wright, Fixed Income, AlphaDEX, Nordic and Commodity Indexes, all based upon rules-based, transparent methodologies. This role would be based out of our New York City office. Support the Global Index Group’s product management and research function through the creation of unique content related to the Nasdaq Index business.Support Index Product Development with knowledge of index methodologies and the ability to create and model index back-tests for review of potential products.Possess a deep understanding of exchange-traded funds, financial products, and other investment products in both the passive and active space.Support ad-hoc executive requests on business unit financials, metrics, competitor data, and other business intelligence as needed.Develop indexes to be used for both benchmarking and third party product creation based upon multiple asset classes from both client driven requests and original concepts.Prepare and present standard and customized research reports including index back-tests, comparative index and product performance analyses, fact sheets, and other presentations.Analyze and interpret a wide range of financial and statistical data from a variety of vendor and internal databases for projects and presentations to issuers, institutional and retail investors.Work with Global Sales on client initiation, development, and ongoing support of benchmarking and product licensing businesses through generation of original product and support of existing indexes.Contribute to overall Global Index Group development effort with analysis of industry trends and an understanding of complex financial markets to generate leading edge research in support of both new and existing indexes.Support operational areas within the Global Index Group including creation of index methodologies, index administration, technical specification documents, marketing material, and data management.Have an understanding of the financial markets including trading, benchmarking, indexes, derivatives, data vendors, and content providers.Interpret statistical data from a variety of databases.Conduct advanced analytical modeling that requires complex data extractions using various database and spreadsheet programs.Execute analytical studies for senior management on business trends, competitors, internal results, and economic trends.Bachelor's degree, preferably with a focus in finance, economics or quantitative disciplines.Minimum 3-5 years of research and/or analytical experience, preferably within the financial services/ brokerage industry or in support of a sales organization.Strong writing and analytical skills with sharp attention to detail.Advanced technical proficiency with knowledge of SQL, R, Amazon Athena, AWS, Microsoft Office and VBA.Advanced technical proficiency with Bloomberg, FactSet, Reuters, and other financial data provider terminals.Nasdaq is an equal opportunity employer. We positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of age, color, disability, national origin, ancestry, race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, veteran status, genetic information or any other status protected by applicable law."
3097403416 0 97 4.1 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "$2 to $5 billion (USD) per year" " Analyst  25-Jan-2019 Department Carlyle Capital Solutions Location New York/520 Position SummaryThis position will be cross-functional and primarily responsible for assisting the CCS team as it works with Global Credit, Private Equity and other areas of the firm. The individual will work to help evaluate, structure, and execute, senior and junior capital transactions, for both Carlyle affiliated entities as well as third parties; serve as a market intelligence source and assist in distributing CCS transactions.  The primary responsibilities will include supporting deal teams in processing and analyzing new deals, and data tracking (on deals in market), including comparable deal analysis and market intelligence (key capital markets and deal trends). In addition, will assist in monitoring, reporting and maintaining analytics related to all functions of the business segment. Focus on longer-term external relationship development for key intermediary deal sourcing, market intelligence and deal syndication.Auto req ID1090BRQualificationsKnowledge and Experience1-2 years related experience requiredSell side investment bank background a plusProficiency with analysis of financial statementsDeveloping understanding of credit agreements and key market terms, metrics and information resourcesAbility to construct and analyze financial projections modelsKnowledge of US GAAP Education and CertificationsBachelor’s degree Position-specific RequirementsProficient in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint and ExcelKnowledge of advanced features in excel (e.g. Macros, V-look ups)Self-starterTime management/prioritizationInterpersonal skills and a team playerOrganizational skillsPlanning skillsAttention to detail essentialBusiness Title Analyst, Carlyle Capital Solutions Key Duties/  Responsibilities1. Market Intelligence/ Internal ReportingComparable Deal Analysis: Create and maintain database of proprietary debt comps, new loan issuance, and analytics, including up to date market information (transactions, changes in transactions, key terms and key players)Market Updates: Assist in the generation and distribution of weekly, monthly and quarterly capital markets updates and analytics to team, executive board and strategic partners and investorsBusiness Development Projects: Lead and assist in ad hoc projects such as covenant/deal terms analysis, third party vendor market research evaluation, administrative agent services review, capital markets (firm wide) reporting and tracking project, league table reporting and other OneCarlyle initiativesOther - Ad hoc reports and analysis to support, capital markets, originations, portfolio managementOriginationNDA/Compliance: Coordinate NDA and compliance process to enable information sharingNew Deal Opportunities: Work closely with senior originators to evaluate new lead deal opportunities; identify comparable transactions and competitive analysisBuy-Side Opportunities from Intermediaries: Assist in screening in market deals, to make recommendations on underwriting, coordinate process between deal team and bank coverage, develop to be a point of contact for the market for buy-side opportunitiesPipeline– pipeline reporting, initial deal data entry and updates (Everest/BMS) for Capital Markets3. Underwriting/Structuring/Syndications:Credit Evaluations: Support deal teams in the credit committee, approval process, with due diligence, comparable transaction analysis, structural/credit documentation analysis and syndication analysis, to help determine suitable and marketable deal capital structureDeal Proposals: Work with underwriting team to review and draft indicative term sheets and deal proposals and assist in the preparation and delivery of client presentationsComp Analysis: Maintenance of comparable deal database, competitor and buy-side analysis and metrics for market intelligence and analyticsSyndicated/Lead Deals: Support team with the preparation of documentation for syndicated loans, including, term sheets, confidentiality agreements, credit agreements, any syndication marketing materials and due diligence; primary responsibility for CCS deals in marketCompany Information The Carlyle Group (NASDAQ: CG) is a global alternative asset manager with $210 billion of assets under management across 335 investment vehicles as of June 30, 2018. Carlyle’s purpose is to invest wisely and create value on behalf of its investors, many of whom are public pensions. Carlyle invests across four segments – Corporate Private Equity, Real Assets, Global Credit and Investment Solutions – in Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe, the Middle East, North America and South America. Carlyle has expertise in various industries, including: aerospace, defense & government services, consumer & retail, energy, financial services, healthcare, industrial, real estate, technology & business services, telecommunications & media and transportation. The Carlyle Group employs more than 1,625 people in 31 offices across six continents. "
3097422861 0 108 4.4 "51 to 200 employees" "Advertising & Marketing" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " Telaria (NYSE: TLRA), (formerly Tremor Video), is the leading independent data-driven software platform built to monetize and manage premium video inventory with the greatest speed, control, and transparency, wherever and however audiences are watching.  As a Data Scientist, you will work within one of the largest independent programmatic video ad businesses in the world. You will collaborate with a multi-disciplinary team of engineers and analysts on a wide range of problems relating to revenue yield, infrastructure costs, auction dynamics and exchange optimization. This position will bring analytical rigor and statistical methods to the challenges of measuring quality, improving products, and understanding the behavior of consumers, advertisers and publishers. ResponsibilitiesWorking with large and complex data sets, solve difficult analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of Telaria's data structures and metrics, advocating for changes where needed for product, engineering and sales activity.Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with engineering to assess improvements to Telaria's products and identify opportunities for optimization.Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings to multiple levels of stakeholdersMinimum QualificationsBS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, economics, computer science, mathematics, physics).5 years relevant work experience in data analysis or related field (e.g. as a statistician / data scientist).Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL).Experience working with big data solutions such as Hadoop, Hive and SparkExperience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data. Experience translating analysis results into business recommendations.Demonstrated effective written and verbal communication skills.Preferred QualificationsPhD degree in a quantitative discipline as listed in Minimum Qualifications.6+ years of relevant work experience including deep expertise and experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, sampling methods.Applied experience with machine learning on large datasets.Demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical tools given a data analysis problem.Demonstrated leadership and self-direction, including willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques.Experience in multiple programming languages (Python, R, Java, Scala, etc.)Compensation & Benefits: At Telaria we place an emphasis and importance on ensuring our total rewards are competitive, aligned with industry and to help you create a productive work/life balance. Benefits are highly subsidized and include medical, company paid dental, vision, employer contributed Health Savings Account, 401k matching, corporate gym discounts, pre-tax health and commuter savings, life insurance, 5 and 10-year Sabbatical programs, Discretionary Time Off (a.k.a. open vacation policy!), Paid Parental Leave, an Employee Referral Program, Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), and much more! All this is within a collaborative work environment you can personalize and topped with engaging programs like Micro-Mentorship, and Team Sports.  Telaria values diversity and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status."
3097795445 0 85 3.8 "10000+ employees" "Motion Picture Production & Distribution" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" " Marvel is looking for a dedicated and highly-motivated Publishing Data Analyst to create and maintain publishing projects using its various databases and online resources on a permanent, full-time basis. Primarily, the Publishing Data Analyst will assist the Sales Department with the creation and maintenance of essential sales metadata and images, navigating through workflows that can be very time-consuming with short deadlines.  The Publishing Data Analyst will establish and deliver metadata that will be used to connect the business relationships between Marvel and its numerous digital distribution partners (e.g., Comixology, iTunes, Amazon, and Barnes & Noble).  This position will drive sales and financial reporting, production schedule tracking, and deliver vital Marvel catalog information to its customers and digital partners.  The primary mission of the Publishing Data Analyst will be to create, modify and maintain print and digital comic sales information and images within our Marvel.com, Oracle and Agile PLM databases. The Analyst will assign all necessary cross reference data, and work with the Sales department to publish stories and images online to engage our readers. The Analyst will also perform data sweeps upon projects featured on the website to validate information is presented correctly online to the world.  The Publishing Data Analyst will provide assistance in analyzing catalog metadata for print titles, send weekly reports to multiple internal departments and vendors, and maintain data integrity Responsibilities :Create and support ongoing maintenance for thousands of customized, front and back list digital projects (comics and collections) in-house and online.Collaborate with Sales Department to upload weekly stories and images on Comics rotator section of Marvel.com.Create and support vital cross reference information, such as vendor digital ID numbers, Amazon standard ID numbers and redeem codes, which affect sales and incentive processing.Gather and upload hundreds of cover images online for catalog, back list and weekly in-line books.Coordinate with Publishing Operations on metadata confirmation and data clean-up.Navigate through antiquated database rules in order to make data changes and work with IT to test permanent solutions to those old workflows.Coordinate with Comixology and other vendors to ensure data integrity between Marvel and its digital partners.Support various print publishing and Marvel.com workflows when needed.Basic Qualifications :Strong analytical, verbal, and written communications skills.Must have patience, strong organizational skills, and ability to multi-task and prioritize.Must be computer savvy. Knowledge of how to use a PC and a Mac is required.Must be an Excel super-user. vLookups and pivot table knowledge is required.Must have a reverence for accuracy and a passion for lots of manual data entry.Any knowledge of Agile PLM, Oracle R12, and other MS Office products a plus.Knowledge of Marvel publishing history not required but definitely a plus."
3098804659 0 80 3.5 "201 to 500 employees" "Computer Hardware & Software" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " Triton's Webcast Metrics (WCM) audience measurement service is the industry standard for audience measurement and audio consumption data. WCM provides credible, validated data that enables live and on-demand audio publishers to quantify their audience at global, national, and local levels. Portions of our Webcast Metrics data are accredited by the Media Rating Council (MRC). In addition, our data and processes are continuously audited internally, and annually by a top-tier accounting firm.  Reporting into our SVP Compliance and Industry Relations and Chief Compliance Officer, the Senior Data Analyst will analyze data and perform other tasks as needed related to the audit and accreditation process. In addition, (s)he will supervise one or more data analysts and ensure the level of data quality submitted to the compliance group in the scope of each MRC audit. This position can be based remotely from any Eastern U.S location. Main Responsibilities: Execute data trend investigations on a weekly, monthly and quarterly basis across multiple products  Execute live testing across different WCM measurement implementations (players, SDKs, widgets, apps, etc.) to assess the quality, and potential areas for improved measurement, across user devices and browsers  Execute post-implementation publisher QA procedures on newly implemented stations to be measured by WCM, including working with Triton Digital and client personnel to remediate non-compliant implementations in a timely basis  Prepare and present clear and concise data analyses reports to senior management as it relates to interpreting and modeling data to accommodate data presentation needs  Provide internal support to MRC audit inquiries as needed. Job Requirements/Qualifications: Project management skills and attention to detail are critical  Strong analytical, interpersonal and written/verbal communication skills.  Experience with online audio and/or video media  Experience with MRC and/or IAB policies and procedures is desired, but not required  High proficiency in computer operations, especially Microsoft Word and Excel; and analytical tools, such as Looker, with willingness to expand computer skills  Ability to understand internal control concepts and experience in applying them to document, plan, perform and report on the evaluation of business and IT processes, areas and functions  Demonstrated ability to achieve results through cross-functional, virtual teams  Ability to prioritize and deliver on multiple projects simultaneously  Positive attitude, leader, team player, takes initiative, ability to work independently and manage a remote team  Display a demonstrated ability to think broadly while managing the details  Maturity, superior judgement, negotiation/influence skills, analytical skills, and leadership skills  Works well with product managers to aid in the development and maintenance of our product roadmap, setting appropriate expectations and insuring our product and services meet our world class operational excellence standards  Ability to handle confidential information discretely and always maintain confidentiality  BS/BA in accounting or bachelor's degree in computer science, information systems, or related field required  3 - 5 years of minimum experience in a related role, in auditing or IT related field  Some US/Canada travel requiredSDL2017"
3099019773 0 93 3.1 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Consulting" "$100 to $500 million (USD) per year" "CELEBRATE YOUR PERSONALITY AND TEAM SPIRIT.GROW THROUGH YOUR CHOICES.MAKE YOUR MARK. North Highland has a mantra: Unleash Potential Together. For our clients, it means we challenge thinking and build capabilities, so that after each engagement, they are left stronger and inspired to do more. With our colleagues, it means fostering an environment where bringing, shaping, growing and sharing ideas isn’t just encouraged—it’s expected. And within our communities, it means we give of our skills, time and passion to make them more prosperous.  At North Highland, Strategy Consulting helps our clients determine where they should go by designing customized strategies to generate in-year returns and drive innovation, while Management Consulting helps our clients determine how to get there with a focus on process design, change management and project prioritization. Our Delivery Consulting enables our clients to get where they are going by executing on key operational PM, BA, Product and Change Management initiatives.  Within our firm we have a growing competency called Delivery Consulting. This is the team that makes the motor run for our clients with an emphasis on execution work focused on implementing the critical work the client needs, not meeting sales targets for the firm. North Highland offers a wide range of Delivery Consulting work from a single role-based opportunity to delivering complex initiatives as part of larger team. We offer a competitive compensation model designed centered around earned-hour pay. The measurement of a Delivery Consultant’s work is based on the efficacy of the work-product they provide – it’s that simple – and they are able to create and grow their skills in the fields that interest them most. Delivery Consultants talk less and do more, using their talents – of ingenuity, divergent thinking and relentless determination – to build products and services that speak for themselves.  This is a Business Analyst role with responsibility for leading our clients' efforts in implementing multiple IT project initiatives. Job FunctionsWork cross-functionally with key business partners to help establish strategic goals and objectives, project objectives, and set expectations on functional scopeFacilitate meetings with project stakeholders to determine project and application requirementsAnalyze the organization's business model and define its policies and market approachesElicitation of business and user requirements needed to conduct current state analysisReview user stories, system requirements, business rules, and scenario documentation to verify they meet business requirementsDesign business process to articulate functional specifications and standardize the organization's workflowsAnalyze systems and understand business rules required for IT project initiativesSupport development of project plans, project implementation, and post-implementation supportManage stakeholder needs and expectations, and communicate effectively for ongoing project progress visibilityAttend daily scrums to ensure project roadmap is on track and proper organizational alignment is in placeDetermine a prioritization of functional scope and work with delivery teams to set Agile sprint plans and release schedulesResponsible for backlog grooming and reporting, defect management, and risk monitoringQualifications3+ years of experience in business analysis, system analysis and design, or infrastructure design/development/supportProven experience in a lead role with the ability to mentor/coach teamLarge, enterprise project experience ranging in size from $1million+Agile Delivery - user story development and backlog groomingExperience working with C-Suite and communicating cross-functionallyHighly motivated and driven with ability to think strategically and take on initiativesAble to work in fast-pace, changing environmentAttention to detail and proven analytical skillsAbility to collaborate with both internal and external partnersRequirements GatheringMeeting FacilitationProcess DesignVersionOne, Rally, RTC or Jira experienceBachelor's degree requiredCBAP Preferred North Highland is a global management consulting firm known for helping clients solve their most complex challenges related to customer experience, performance improvement, technology and digital, and transformation. We add value and support our clients across the full spectrum of consulting, from strategy through delivery. We bring the big ideas, then we make them real. North Highland is an employee-owned firm, headquartered in Atlanta, GA, with more than 3,000 consultants worldwide and 60+ offices around the globe. The firm is a member of Cordence Worldwide (www.cordenceworldwide.com), a global management consulting alliance. For more information, visit northhighland.com and connect with us on LinkedIn, Twitter and Facebook.  North Highland is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and welcomes all qualified applicants. Applicants will receive fair and impartial consideration without regard to race, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status, genetic data, or other legally protected status."
3099145017 0 89 3.8 "501 to 1000 employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " The Job Details are as follows: ROLE OVERVIEW Working within a global team of data analysts, data scientists, and content experts within each of BAM’s key geographic locations the Investment Data Analyst will serve as a steward for all of BAM’s internal and external data content providing actionable data to our L/S, macro, and quantitative investors and will be responsible for the following: Partnering with investors to respond to and address their data needs.Developing a keen understanding of how data is utilized in our investment processes to generate insights and ideas.Designing and implementing programmatic data accuracy, outlier detection, error correction and remediation processes.Evaluating new and differentiated data within the firm and helping strategically prioritize new data initiatives.Working closely with our Data Engineering teams and defining the on-boarding and production requirements for all new data.QUALIFICATIONS & REQUIREMENTS:A passion for data and experience in applying that passion to high quality data products.Ability to perform data analysis and wrangle the data using Python. Must have strong experience coding in Python.Strong understanding of time-series data, third party data vendors, and how they apply to quant and fundamental analysis. Prior experience with quantitative investors (either as a quant or vendor) is strongly preferred.Serve as an in-house expert on data, leveraging your knowledge of vendor and market data collection methodologies to build data, which investors can act on.Demonstrated track record of ownership, leadership, high achievement and raising the standard of those around you.Experience working in an agile environment and with development teams. We expect you and your solutions to be organized and pragmatic.Strong understanding of SQL and relational databases. Familiarity with AWS a plus."
3099268422 0 0.07 3.5 "51 to 200 employees" "Staffing & Outsourcing" "$25 to $50 million (USD) per year" "Ascendo Resources is searching for a contract Business Analyst with Market Risk or Product Control experience in the New York, NY area for a Financial Services giant in the area. Our client prefers someone who is quantitative, has some exposure to derivatives either in Market Risk, Product Control or even Front Office roles. Role:Systematic, pro-active evaluation and management of counterparty risk.Optimization of GED return on capital metrics, Inc. trade pricing to achieve hurdle rates.Platform development driven by client needs, subject to risk/return considerations.Responsibilities:Monitor/mitigate counterparty tail risks beyond risk appetite, continuously improving metrics and tools.Advise on counterparty risk/funding considerations relevant to optimize return on capital in trade pricing.Oversee implementation of new regulatory margin/capital requirements relevant to US GED OTC business.Liaise closely with the XVA desk to ensure that internal risk transfers are priced fairly.Ensure that house initial margin framework mitigates risk as required but continues to meet client needs.Drive ongoing platform development to enhance risk/capital/margin methodologies and functionality.Educate Trading/Sales and other stakeholders on key metrics: XVA, Stress Loss, RWA and return on capital.Qualifications/Skills:Strong technical degree and post graduate qualification.Strong derivatives product knowledge and experience in front office analysis role.Practical problem solver, able to resolve technical business issues and communicate with all stakeholders.Ability to work independently, make sound decisions under pressure and with strong presentation skills."
3099297300 0 104 5 "51 to 200 employees" "Food & Beverage Manufacturing" "$500 million to $1 billion (USD) per year" " The Business Analyst, Finance and Operations, is responsible for the management of all pricing initiatives, maintenance of budget/bank tracking and will be a forecasting expert. Perform profitability analyses and evaluating return on investment for various spends and new initiatives, and provide recommendations on pricing and packaging strategies and optimize tactics. Owner of shipment and depletion forecasting and the associated tools, manage days on hand and inventory analysis, and will develop new product launch estimates and recommendation of pricing. Principal Duties and Responsibilities:Create, manage and maintain a complete suite of operations and business scorecards that provide visibility into shipment, depletions, inventory and financial metrics, while ensuring meeting key business stakeholders needs using tools like SAP, Vistaar, iDig and Excel based tools.Perform complex analysis manipulating large data sets to identify actionable business insights.Report on pricing and promotions performance across brands, products, regions and accounts to gain insights into pricing and promotional effectiveness.Review pricing levels on products and make recommendations on adjustments in order to maximize sales.Develop tracking against days-on-hand inventory for our Distributors and make recommendations of future orders based on insights from field sales and national account teams on pricing and program initiatives in addition to performance trends in order to avoid out of stocks.Produce budget/bank trackers for spend from our Distributors, providing analysis by initiatives and transaction typeCollect monthly forecasts from Sales Organization in new National template and capture commentary regarding depletions performance in management reporting.Provides qualitative and quantitative analytical insight based on forecasts.Expert on pricing and forecasting related tools and responsible for supporting, training and embedding among the field sales.Requirements1-2 years of experience in business analysis, preferably in the spirits, beverage or consumer products industryWell-developed financial analytical and database management skills to develop and implement sales analytical databases, reports and analyticsExceptional communication and interpersonal skills in order to effectively interact with various functions across the organizationMust possess professional maturity and be comfortable with interacting with higher levels of management to communicate facts in a simple and understandable manner including presenting their opinions and ideasBackground working with industry data sources and tools (e.g., NABCA, Nielsen, DISCUS)Ability to manage multiple projects and work in a fast paced environmentAbility to work independently as well as part of a teamMust have excellent skills in MS Office Suite (Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint)College Degree required, major in Finance, Accounting, Economics, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics or other quantitative methods preferredSome travel requiredBenefitsHighly competitive compensation packagesComprehensive medical, dental, and vision insuranceMatching 401(k) planYearly wellness stipend (gym membership or fitness classes)Generous holiday and vacation policy"
3099331151 1 141 3.8 "201 to 500 employees" "Internet" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Type: Full TimeWho we are: We are Dataminr. We deliver real-time, actionable alerts that are derived from vast amounts of publicly available information. Our clients are the first to know about high-impact events and critical breaking information, giving them the opportunity to act faster and stay one step ahead when every second counts. We are a mission-driven company committed to the power of real-time information as a force for good in the world.  Our groundbreaking AI and machine learning technology cuts through the noise in an increasingly complex landscape by detecting, classifying, and determining the significance of public information. Headquartered in NYC, Dataminr has revolutionized the way that global news, finance, public sector, corporate security and PR/communications professionals know and act on critical, relevant information to protect people, assets and brands.  Along the way, we've grown to over 450 talented employees across six global offices, raised over $570 million from leading venture and growth technology investors, and been referred to as the \"super tool of journalists and hedge funds.\" We've received numerous awards and accolades from our clients, including recognition from CNBC as one of the world's 50 most disruptive private technology companies in 2016 and joining Forbes' definitive list of the top 100 private cloud companies in the world, in 2017 and 2018.  A career at Dataminr offers the ability to make a meaningful impact at a rapidly growing tech company with a startup culture, while being supported by the experience of a company founded in 2009. We value ownership, curiosity and drive on an individual level and live these values every day. We empower everyone to have a voice at the table and regularly invest in professional development. Our culture promotes cross team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it enables us to do our best work and have fun. Who you are: You're an experienced and technical Senior Business Intelligence Analyst interested in applying your quantitative skills to challenging questions within a data-intensive, information SAAS business that drives innovation across multiple sectors. You have worked closely with senior executives in a highly analytical role (data analysis and visualization, business or marketing analysis, optimization problems) understanding and refining key metrics and their relationships to measure business success. You develop warm relationships with stakeholders and enjoy helping them understand metric trade-offs as you drive influential decisions forward and create impactful change. You excel when you are extracting meaning from complex and big datasets and you have ample technical experience with optimizing SQL, BI platforms, and using Python and R to transform granular event data into aggregated insights [bonus for experience with Spark, SCALA, Redshift, Vertica or Presto]. You communicate your insights both verbally and visually, you are comfortable managing your own work while juggling multiple priorities in a rapidly-growing organization and you naturally build effective partnerships across organizational and functional boundaries in order to deliver high-quality and impactful results. The opportunity: Data Analysts at Dataminr continuously improve the accuracy and efficiency of our analytics and reporting infrastructure. We drive process optimizations forward and provide an analytical framework for the insights that inform product, marketing, sales, and business decisions across the company. This is an opportunity to shape the next generation of our analytics platform including the evaluation of AI features. You'll work to refine what we measure and how we interpret and use that data to inform business decisions. To do this, you'll use a combination of 3rd party and homegrown BI tooling to transform raw data into meaningful insights informed by best practices in data governance and analytical techniques. You'll identify metrics that enable high quality understanding of the performance of the company's key initiatives and then work with our BI and Analytics Engineers to implement the corresponding custom metrics, dashboards and tooling that measure and track performance. You'll work with individual teams to enhance their use of data to improve efficiencies and you'll continually teach what you learn to others.  In the first month, you'll start off by learning the ropes, spending time with different parts of the company to understand how Dataminr works.get up to speed on our company metrics, our data structures and our BI tooling with overview sessions and deep dives with your team.contribute code to production systems. Within 3 months, you'll: Help to plan new metrics and refinements to existing metrics.share responsibility for BI projects with other members of your team.begin to take more of a role in helping others understand our BI strategy. Within 6 months, you'll: own BI initiatives that impact multiple teams.be influential in helping plan the next iterations of our BI tooling.bring new ideas to our engineering and BI processes to help us improve constantly.The way we work: To maintain our momentum, we need a talented, diverse team of people committed to the idea that real-time information can be a force for good in the world. We take initiative, ownership, and are accountable.We work urgently and thoughtfully and are driven to constantly improve.We share knowledge, consider varied perspectives, and assume positive intent.We are commercially minded and deliver measurable results.We maintain a sense of humor and humility.Our offering of competitive benefits and perks include:Company paid benefits for employees and their dependents, such as medical, dental, vision, disability and lifeFlexible spending account to be used for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses401(k) savings plan with company matchingGenerous leaveDaily catered lunchA kitchen fully stocked with snacks and beveragesDiscounted Gym MembershipDataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.#LI-ID"
3100055063 0 95 3.1 "10000+ employees" "Insurance Carriers" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" " ProfessionalPosition Purpose:This position provides day to day guidance and tactical direction to a team of analysts. Develops data structures to facilitate the analysis of medical trends that exist within the business and recommends cost-saving initiatives in a meaningful way. Orchestrates and leads high level analytical reporting on all plans and products. Liaises with Information Technology in driving continued enhancement of the data warehouse. Supports Contracting and Provider departments in pricing negotiation and Utilization Management on value creation initiatives.Responsibilities:Collect, analyze, and summarize information and medical trends in order to prepare standard and ad hoc financial reportsHands on expertise in SQL programming and experience with enterprise wide data warehouses. Advanced skills in stored procedures, indexing and data normalizationRecruit, select, orient, and train employees in order to maintain staff to meet objectives.Provide information, educational opportunities, and experiential growth opportunities in order to develop staff.Plan performance expectations, monitor, and appraise the associate's job results and performance in order to develop, counsel, or discipline staff membersCommunicate trend experience to mid-management level individualsJob performance requires fulfilling other incidental or related duties as assigned, assisting and training others, and performing duties of higher rated positions from time to time for developmental purposesEducation/Experience:BA/BS - Bachelors Degree or equivalent, required5-8 years Analytics experience, required3-5 years Management experience, requiredIT Programming and Technical Training in Data Extraction & Modeling, preferredManaged Care/Health Care Experience Desired, requiredExperience working in a heavily regulated environment, desiredProficient in Microsoft Office, SQL, SAS, BI tools, required Centene is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity, and values the ways in which we are different. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other characteristic protected by applicable law."
3100167499 0 93 4.1 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Health Care Services & Hospitals" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " OverviewBusiness Intelligence Developer At Hospital for Special Surgery our clinicians and scientists collaborate to deliver the most innovative care. Our specialized focus on orthopedics and rheumatology enables us to help patients get back to what they need and love to do reliably and efficiently. Our patients are overwhelmingly satisfied with the care they receive at our facilities. When you join us, you will become part of this legacy of commitment to the most cutting-edge research and coordinated care.  Our ideal candidate must be happy to develop in SQL but more curious about the data itself and what questions its answering. We are looking for enthusiastic Report Writers who have a strong understanding of data pipelines, ready to work hard, and love what they do. They will work collaboratively across the organization with clinical and operational leaders to pull meaningful data from our Electronic Medical Record. As a Report Writer You WillWrite SQL queries to generate reports from our Electronic Medical RecordDevelop report specifications based on user requirements.Work with engineering teams to enhance data delivery & our self-service data toolsWork with a team of analysts and engineers who love to solve data problemsYour Technical Skills and Experience Qualifications 2+ years working with SQL ServerCertification in one or more of the Epic Clarity/Caboodle data models2+ years of ETL (SSIS) experienceExperience with SAP tools, WebI and Universe Designer2+ years of Report/Dashboard Visualization experience (e.g. Tableau)Experience in healthcare a plusAbout YouYou are passionate about data and exploring new technologiesYou are a critical thinker who loves solving difficult problemsYou are flexible and a natural team playerEducation and CertificationsMS/BS in Computer Science or related field Other Requirements#LI-JL1"
3100548789 1 116 3.1 "201 to 500 employees" "Internet" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " Sapphire Digital is looking for a Data Scientist who will leverage huge sets of health care payer and related data to analyze the member experience across several dimensions to produce innovative solutions and optimize the delivery of our product offerings. In this role, the Data Scientist applies knowledge of statistics, data modeling, and advanced mathematics to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, and pose business questions.  In this position, you'll be responsible for: Applying knowledge of statistics, machine learning, programming, data modeling, simulation, and advanced mathematics to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, pose business questions, and make valuable discoveries leading to prototype development and product improvement.Working with analytics and statistical software such as SQL, R, Python, and others to perform analysis and interpret data.Producing innovative solutions driven by exploratory data analysis from unstructured, diverse datasets.Working with a highly motivated team that is passionate about complex health care and related data.Supporting various stakeholders in translating health care and related data into actionable insights to improve program performance.Querying health care data (claims, provider, member, externally sourced) using complex SQL joins and statements.Presenting findings and data-driven recommendations to non-technical business partners and leadership.Learning and applying best practices to address several strategic initiatives simultaneously, make delivery commitments, and secure sponsorship with a high degree of professionalism and impact. You might be a good fit if you have: Strong health care data knowledge (medical claims data, clinical data, pharmacy data, and eligibility data) preferred.Bachelor's degree (Statistics, Math, Computer Science, or related field) and a minimum of 3 years work experience as a data scientist.Advanced degree or equivalent experience in Statistics, Biostatistics, Epidemiology, Health Outcomes Research, Actuarial Science, Social Science, or Data Science a plus!Strong technical skills to extract and analyze Big Data such as SQL and HadoopComplete advanced statistical analysis using Python/R/SAS.Experience with version control software (Git preferred), agile development experience, and knowledge of design patterns.Experience working independently, contributing as a member of the team and result driven.Strong presentation skill to explain and present advanced statistical methods using non-technical language to key business stakeholder"
3100615845 0 93 4.1 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Health Care Services & Hospitals" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Business Intelligence Developer At Hospital for Special Surgery our clinicians and scientists collaborate to deliver the most innovative care. Our specialized focus on orthopedics and rheumatology enables us to help patients get back to what they need and love to do reliably and efficiently. Our patients are overwhelmingly satisfied with the care they receive at our facilities. When you join us, you will become part of this legacy of commitment to the most cutting-edge research and coordinated care.  Our ideal candidate must be happy to develop in SQL but more curious about the data itself and what questions its answering. We are looking for enthusiastic Report Writers who have a strong understanding of data pipelines, ready to work hard, and love what they do. They will work collaboratively across the organization with clinical and operational leaders to pull meaningful data from our Electronic Medical Record. As a Report Writer You WillWrite SQL queries to generate reports from our Electronic Medical RecordDevelop report specifications based on user requirements.Work with engineering teams to enhance data delivery & our self-service data toolsWork with a team of analysts and engineers who love to solve data problemsYour Technical Skills and Experience Qualifications 2+ years working with SQL ServerCertification in one or more of the Epic Clarity/Caboodle data models2+ years of ETL (SSIS) experienceExperience with SAP tools, WebI and Universe Designer2+ years of Report/Dashboard Visualization experience (e.g. Tableau)Experience in healthcare a plusAbout YouYou are passionate about data and exploring new technologiesYou are a critical thinker who loves solving difficult problemsYou are flexible and a natural team playerEducation and CertificationsMS/BS in Computer Science or related field#LI-JL1"
3100851690 0 124 3.8 "10000+ employees" "Internet" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" " Amazons Advertising Analytics and Insights (A&I) team is looking for a motivated and experienced Business Intelligence Manager to help us build a new global visualization and reporting product to support the needs of our largest global advertisers. We are a startup within one of the fastest growing and most strategic parts of Amazon. Our team owns the product, technology and deployment roadmap for advanced analytics and insight products across our advertiser success team. Advertiser success is core to Amazons growth, as it helps our suppliers drive awareness, consideration, and purchase of their products by hundreds of millions of consumers around the world, and generates revenue which helps us lower prices and invest in improvements to our customer experience. We are a highly motivated, collaborative and fun-loving team with an entrepreneurial spirit and bias for action. With a broad mandate to experiment and innovate, we are growing at an unprecedented rate with a seemingly endless range of new opportunities.  In this role, you build and lead a team of Business Intelligence Engineers to create a new global visualization and reporting product that will provide a clear and over-arching view of the largest global brands advertising investments. You build on Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Amazon QuickSight, our cloud-powered business intelligence (BI) service. The product will show metrics on topics such as campaign delivery and return on advertising investment, and it will span multiple countries and multiple advertising channels, such as display and search. You engage with internal partners to understand the needs of the business, and you own the design, development, and maintenance of metrics, reports, dashboards, visualizations, etc. You drive operational excellence for data ingestion, transformation and publication to ensure confidence in the systems that we build. You deeply analyze results to understand and explain what the data has to say and how it can be used. We are looking for a leader who can thrive in a startup environment, thinks big, moves fast, and wants to change the way customers use data to drive business success. If you are passionate about creating the future, come join us as we work hard, have fun, and make history. Basic Qualifications · Bachelor's degree in computer science, business, engineering, or a related field  · Proven ability to attract, hire, retain and grow a team of talented engineers and analysts  · 10+ years of professional experience in business intelligence, analytics, data engineering, or application development  · 5+ years of people management experience leading business intelligence or analytics teams  · Familiarity with data visualization tools such as QuickSight, QlikView, Power BI, or Tableau  · Hands-on experience using SQL, ETL, and data warehousing in a large-scale, complex business environment  · Scripting/automation in Python, Java, or other programming language  · Track record of successfully delivering complex analytical and/or data visualization solutions to customers, while influencing business partners to balance the need to deliver fast and build scalable solutions  · Strong communication and organizational skills  · Proven ability to drive efficiency and scalability through automation and innovation Preferred Qualifications · Graduate-level degree in computer science, business, engineering, or a related field  · Understanding of common advertising metrics and KPIs  · Experience in the ad-tech industry  · Experience with Amazon Web Services technologies  Amazon.com is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age  #adsto "
3101344338 0 88 3.6 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Publishing" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " Hachette Book Group Careers Business Intelligence DeveloperInformation Technology  New York,  New York ApplyHachette Book Group is a leading trade publisher in the U.S., and a division of Hachette Livre, the third largest trade and educational publisher in the world. Headquartered in New York, HBG also has major offices in Boston, MA, Lebanon, IN, and Nashville, TN. HBG publishes under the divisions of Little, Brown and Company, Little Brown Books for Young Readers, Grand Central Publishing, Orbit, Hachette Books, Hachette Nashville, Perseus Books and Hachette Audio. HBG also provides a wide range of custom distribution, fulfillment, digital and sales services to third party publishers.  The Business Intelligence Developer will be responsible for building MicroStrategy applications that provide operational reporting, data visualizations and dashboards, and ad-hoc reporting to the HBG business communities and client publishers and provide technical leadership to junior developers. The Senior MicroStrategy Developer will work closely with ETL and Operations Teams as well as QA and Business Analysts to deliver solutions that provide efficient access to information and insights to our users. Reporting to the Director, Business Intelligence and Digital Analytics, this role is a member of the Business Intelligence Team. Key Responsibilities:Develop MicroStrategy reports, dashboards, KPIs, and scorecards.Design and develop MicroStrategy metadata objects such as Facts, Attributes, Metrics, Hierarchies, Filters, Prompts, Tables, Reports, Documents, and Relationships which optimally leverage the MicroStrategy SQL Engine to produce accurate results and maximize query performance.Diagnose and resolve MicroStrategy report and dashboard data and performance issues.Provide reliable estimates of report and dashboard development effort and deliver on commitments.Committed to learning and applying new technologies quickly.Passion for innovation to provide new insights into available data to the business.Work with Business Analysts to interpret business reporting requirements and transform business requirements into technical design specifications.Required Qualifications:5+ years of experience as a MicroStrategy 9.x Developer in an Oracle environment with experience using MicroStrategy Web, Developer, and Intelligence Server.Advanced knowledge of Oracle 11gR2 SQL and PL/SQL preferred.Experience with MicroStrategy 10.x preferred.Ideally, experience developing applications to visualize retail point of sale data Apply  Apply Later  <U+2190>"
3101539307 1 91 3.4 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " Point72’s Market Intelligence Data group conducts compliant, proprietary fundamental research powered by advanced data analytics to help inform investment decisions at Point72. We value simplicity, transparency, collaboration, and quality in our process, products, and in our Long-/Short- investment team interactions.  The MI Data Customer Success works to continuously improve Market Intelligence Data products to better match data and analysis to the underlying business, interacts with fundamental Long-/Short- investment teams, ensures product quality, and manages research operations.  What you’ll do  As an operations generalist in MI Data, you will: Ensure that end-users of Point72 investment research can rely on a high-quality data product, and help them apply those products in their investment processSupport users in answering questions, addressing issuesCoordinate the process of recurring data product releases to end-users across data scientists, platform developers, and vendorsPerform ongoing quality assuranceWork with data vendors and MI Data platform developers to optimally integrate data into our processes, and to address issuesCommunicate product changes and product release status to end-usersHelp to improve alternative data-based investment research products, by working with data scientists to better make the connection between a company’s business fundamentals and our data What’s required  We want you to join us if you have exceptional attention to detail, a good understanding of business / financial knowledge. Other requirements include: Ability to manage multiple tasks and deadlines in a fast-paced environmentStrong verbal and written communication skillsBachelors degree in business, accounting, finance, engineering/computer science, or similar disciplineKnowledge of databases (e.g., SQL), or interest to get up to speed quicklyTrack record of strong academic and professional performanceHighest ethical standards, and a customer-first mindset2-3 years of Sector specific experience is ideal (Healthcare, TMT, Industrials, Consumer) An ideal candidate would have in addition (not required): Exposure to quantitative analysis / statistics through college coursework or professional experience~1 years of experience at an investment firm, financial services firm, financial data provider, or a financial technology firmExperience with quality assurance (or in a role that required strong attention to detail) at provider of financial data, especially in investment signals, would make you an ideal candidate We take care of our people  We invest in our people, their careers, their health, and their well-being. We want you to concentrate on success and leave the rest to us. When you work here, we provide: Fully-paid health care benefitsGenerous parental and family leave policiesMental and physical wellness programsTuition assistanceA 401(k) savings program with an employer match and more About Point72  Point72 is a global asset management firm led by Steven Cohen that uses Discretionary Long/Short, Macro, and Systematic strategies to invest in eight offices across the globe. We look for people who want to build a career with us – people who want to innovate, experiment, and be the best at what they do – while adhering to the highest ethical standards."
3101748882 0 133 2.6 "51 to 200 employees" "Publishing" "$50 to $100 million (USD) per year" " Job DescriptionSheKnows Media is a top womens lifestyle digital media company that averages 60 million unique visitors per month (comScore) and reaches more than 300 million social media fans and followers. The company operates a family of leading media properties that include SheKnows.com, BlogHer.com, STYLECASTER.com and HelloFlo.com. The Job: This position will be a key resource in the companys growing Business Intelligence & Analytics team. This role will own and lead the building, updating, and maintaining of key weekly/monthly reports and dashboards supporting the CEO, CFO, and various executive stakeholders. The role will work closely with Business Intelligence team members and other internal stakeholders to collect, validate, and visualize data from various sources. The candidate is expected to be highly proficient in Excel, able to quickly cut and dice data, and comfortable learning how new data sets relate to business concepts and objectives. As a Reporting Analyst, your role requires great attention to detail and great comfort level working with large and complex quantitative datasets. The expectation is to produce accurate and meaningful metrics to deliver high quality and actionable insights to the business. The Work:Develop, reconcile, and distribute weekly, monthly, and ad hoc reports ensuring complete accuracy.Data extraction and transposition from web-based systems (e.g. web analytics, DFP, ad server, order management, CRM, Looker, Redshift, and various other internal and external tracking and reporting UI systems) to Microsoft Excel.Visualize and report on data in accessible and meaningful ways to internal business units.Take initiative to lead prototyping and testing of automated reports from SQL data warehouse.Stay on top of new features/developments for additional data gathering opportunities.Data mining and analysis. Drawing actionable and meaning business insights from large datasets.The Fine Print:BS/BA in a quantitative or analytical field3-5 years working with data in a similar business intelligence, reporting, or analytical role.Outstanding Excel skills required.Basic knowledge of relational database concepts, SQL, and financial statements is preferred.Prior experience with some of the following tools preferred: Tableau, Looker (or other dashboarding tools), Google or Adobe Analytics, SalesForce (or other CRM platform), DFP/OAS (or other ad servers), DSM or Operative, comScore/Nielsen/Quantcast, NetSuite or other accounting softwareAble to work in a fast-paced environment and manage multiple priorities and deadlines.Strong structured problem solving, attention to detail and organizational skills.Tech savvy and able to research and recommend tools and technologies to solve problems.Ability to quickly learn new tools, concepts and reporting processes is extremely important. About Us  With a mission of women inspiring women, SheKnows Media is revolutionizing the publishing industry by forging a new kind of model that seamlessly integrates users, editors and content creators onto a single platform designed to empower all women to discover, share and create. Whether its parenting or pop culture, fashion or food, DIY or décor, our award-winning editorial team, Experts, bloggers and social media influencers produce authentic and on-trend content every day. We dig deep to learn what makes our audience tick, revealing unexpected insights on women and digital media. Our robust, end-to-end suite of premium branded content and influencer marketing solutions generate nearly 1 billion ad impressions per month (sources: DFP), allowing brands to distribute authentic content and integrated advertising at scale.  SheKnows Media offers a competitive compensation and benefits package with an exciting, fresh and engaging work environment. Join us, and love where you work!"
3102312166 0 88 3.6 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Publishing" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " Hachette Book Group is a leading trade publisher in the U.S., and a division of Hachette Livre, the third largest trade and educational publisher in the world. Headquartered in New York, HBG also has major offices in Boston, MA, Lebanon, IN, and Nashville, TN. HBG publishes under the divisions of Little, Brown and Company, Little Brown Books for Young Readers, Grand Central Publishing, Orbit, Hachette Books, Hachette Nashville, Perseus Books and Hachette Audio. HBG also provides a wide range of custom distribution, fulfillment, digital and sales services to third party publishers.  The Business Intelligence Developer will be responsible for building MicroStrategy applications that provide operational reporting, data visualizations and dashboards, and ad-hoc reporting to the HBG business communities and client publishers and provide technical leadership to junior developers. The Senior MicroStrategy Developer will work closely with ETL and Operations Teams as well as QA and Business Analysts to deliver solutions that provide efficient access to information and insights to our users. Reporting to the Director, Business Intelligence and Digital Analytics, this role is a member of the Business Intelligence Team. Key Responsibilities:Develop MicroStrategy reports, dashboards, KPIs, and scorecards.Design and develop MicroStrategy metadata objects such as Facts, Attributes, Metrics, Hierarchies, Filters, Prompts, Tables, Reports, Documents, and Relationships which optimally leverage the MicroStrategy SQL Engine to produce accurate results and maximize query performance.Diagnose and resolve MicroStrategy report and dashboard data and performance issues.Provide reliable estimates of report and dashboard development effort and deliver on commitments.Committed to learning and applying new technologies quickly.Passion for innovation to provide new insights into available data to the business.Work with Business Analysts to interpret business reporting requirements and transform business requirements into technical design specifications.Required Qualifications:5+ years of experience as a MicroStrategy 9.x Developer in an Oracle environment with experience using MicroStrategy Web, Developer, and Intelligence Server.Advanced knowledge of Oracle 11gR2 SQL and PL/SQL preferred.Experience with MicroStrategy 10.x preferred.Ideally, experience developing applications to visualize retail point of sale data"
3102732616 1 110 4.5 "201 to 500 employees" "Membership Organizations" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "About the Company:Industrious is the largest premium coworking solution and flexible workspace provider in the U.S, with 50+ locations in 33 cities across the country. We partner with companies big and small to create productivity-driven workplace experiences that complement beautiful spaces with world-class hospitality. We are committed to the vision that everyone deserves to experience the pride and meaning that you get out of a great day at work. With $142 million in funding to-date, we are well-positioned to continue our rapid growth in the US and beyond.As we enter our next phase of growth, our experienced leadership team is looking for hard-working people at all levels who are ready to join a warm, collaborative, and positive team dedicated to reclaiming the workplace experience. For more information, visit www.industriousoffice.com.We kindly request that you do not call Industrious locations for employment inquiries.About the Role: The Business Intelligence Analyst at Industrious is a critical role responsible for driving analytics across our network of operations. You will focus on conceptualizing, executing, and systematizing how we uncover data-driven insights that grow our business and improve our members' experience.  This is an analytics role that will help ask and answer big strategic questions: Where should we put the next Industrious location? How should we price our spaces? What is the connection between our approach to hospitality and our net promoter score? Sometimes you'll be working with our BI team to blaze the trail, requiring the ability figure out the approach, execute the first analysis, and share what it means for the business. Other times you'll build on an existing approach, working with other members of our team to level up our processes and build tools that will scale with us as we grow.  This is an amazing role for a curious, analytical mind who is excited to join a rapidly growing team, touch all elements of the business, and help set the foundation for the way we approach analytics and insights going forward.  The role is based in New York. You are a great fit for this role if:You love rolling up your sleeves and digging through data to figure out why things are the way they areYou have a strong analytical intuition and the curiosity to learn whatever it takes to get from your hypothesis to a solid answerData engineering? Data analysis? Data science? You want to work with all three pieces of the analytics cycleYou have a knack for asking the right questions to help people get the information and outcomes they needResponsibilities:Maintain core metrics for our unit operations, real estate, design and construction, marketing, and hospitality teamsConduct ad hoc analyses on a wide variety of data sources using Excel and SQLBuild dashboards and reports in Tableau to share metrics and insights with all teams at IndustriousHelp build and improve tools and processes that produce ongoing insights for our businessRequirements:Strong analytical and communication skills2+ years of experience working with non-technical users to understand business problems and map abstract problems to data that can be used to solve them2+ years of hands-on experience with SQL and proficiency with ExcelPrior experience with visualization tools such as Tableau (preferred) or LookerWork or academic experience with cleaning, transforming, and analyzing dataPreferred qualifications:Strong SQL experienceKnowledge of Python and/or RPerks:In addition to our incredible team, there are lots of other fun reasons to work with us. Daily breakfast, snacks, coffee, tea, and drinks at all Industrious locationsHealth care, including vision and dental401K planSmart casual dress codeGenerous vacation timePaid parental leaveTeam outings (ex. Dinners, rock climbing, yoga classes and more!)Company-wide outings and retreats (previous locations have included New Orleans & the Hamptons)Industrious in the News:Industrious raises $80 million to double coworking sites in 2018Industrious Raises $80M in Funding Co-Led by Fifth Wall, RiverwoodIs Industrious Like A Four Seasons? CEO Hodari Seems to Think SoBlackstone's EQ Office Brings New Coworking Model to Howard Hughes CenterIndustrious is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to equal treatment of all employees and applicants without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis protected by law."
3102891511 0 89 3.8 "10000+ employees" "Motion Picture Production & Distribution" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" " Job Summary: We are seeking a Data Analyst who will partner with business and operating teams who will focus on reporting to monitor key performance indicators and metrics. Collaborating across disciplines, you will design and implement reporting that enables internal clients to access, explore and monitor their data. Responsibilities: Basic Qualifications: Required Education BS Degree Preferred Education Degree in an analytical field such as economics, mathematics, or computer science is desired. About Disney Streaming Services:Disney Streaming Services is responsible for developing and operating The Walt Disney Companys direct-to-consumer video businesses globally, including the ESPN+ premium sports streaming service; the upcoming Disney subscription video service; and BAMTECH Media, a global leader in direct-to-consumer video streaming products and solutions. Our core mission is to deliver global audiences the freedom to access content on their terms across any connected device, time or location. We serve consumers by bringing the worlds most beloved characters, timeless stories, legendary athletes, and epic sporting events to global audiences through best-in-class direct-to-consumer video services. We strive daily to imaginatively challenge convention with innovative technology that gives consumers the freedom to access content on their terms across any connected device, time or location.About The Walt Disney Company:The Walt Disney Company, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, is a leading diversified international family entertainment and media enterprise with the following business segments: media networks, parks and resorts, studio entertainment, consumer products and interactive media. From humble beginnings as a cartoon studio in the 1920s to its preeminent name in the entertainment industry today, Disney proudly continues its legacy of creating world-class stories and experiences for every member of the family. Disneys stories, characters and experiences reach consumers and guests from every corner of the globe. With operations in more than 40 countries, our employees and cast members work together to create entertainment experiences that are both universally and locally cherished.  This position is with Disney Streaming Services, LLC, which is part of a business segment we call Disney Streaming Services.  Disney Streaming Services, LLC is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Disney fosters a business culture where ideas and decisions from all people help us grow, innovate, create the best stories and be relevant in a rapidly changing world."
3103591265 1 88 3.8 "10000+ employees" "Motion Picture Production & Distribution" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" " We are seeking a Data Analyst who will partner with business and operating teams who will focus on reporting to monitor key performance indicators and metrics. Collaborating across disciplines, you will design and implement reporting that enables internal clients to access, explore and monitor their data.Responsibilities :Partner with colleagues facilitating the design, build and automation of reports / dashboards that provide insight into customer conversion and behavior.  Partner with cross-functional colleagues to identify and report on short-term and long-term performance.  Implementing self-service tools used to access disparate data sources (both legacy and cloud-based).  Train and support colleagues in the use of self-service data exploration and visualization tools.  Analyze variability from trends; exploring data and communicating findings to influence acquisition and retention strategies.  Perform ad hoc analysis as necessary.  Instigate process change to evolve our subscriber reporting with the growing needs of the subscription business.Basic Qualifications :2+ years of relevant experience (1 year work experience implementing and reporting on business key performance indicators and 1 year work experience using SQL is required)  Strong analytic SQL skills and experience working with traditional relational databases and/or NoSQL databases such as Hadoop / Hive, BigQuery, Redshift.  Additional programming languages (e.g. Python, R) preferred.  Familiarity with data exploration / data visualization tools like Tableau, Chartio, etc.  Ability to think strategically, analyze and interpret market and consumer information.  Strong communication skills written and verbal presentations.  Excellent conceptual and analytical reasoning competencies.  Comfortable working in a fast-paced and highly collaborative environment.Required Education :BS DegreePreferred Education :Degree in an analytical field such as economics, mathematics, or computer science is desired."
3105032679 1 106 3.4 "10000+ employees" "Health Care Services & Hospitals" "$500 million to $1 billion (USD) per year" " Overview The Visiting Nurse Service of New York (VNSNY) is the nations largest not-for-profit home- and community-based health care organization, serving the five boroughs of New York City, and Nassau, Suffolk, and Westchester Counties. For 125 years, VNSNY has been committed to meeting the health care needs of New Yorkers with compassionate, high-quality home health care. We offer a wide range of services, programs, and health plans to meet the diverse needs of our patients, members, and clients from before birth to the end of life. Each day, more than 13,000 VNSNY employees including nurses, rehabilitation therapists, social workers, other allied professionals, and paraprofessionals deliver compassionate care, unparalleled medical expertise, and 24/7 solutions and resources to more than 48,000 patients and members, helping them to live the best lives possible in their homes and communities. Responsibilities About Our Team: The Outcomes Initiative Team provides advanced analytical support across VNSNYs family of corporations, including VNSNY Home Care, VNSNY Hospice, and VNSNY CHOICE health plans. We leverage big data in a fast paced environment to support strategic decisions for the agency. Meaningful, appropriate use of data is central to the success of our organization. We are looking for an ambitious data scientist to join our expanding team. About the Role: The Data Scientist will join a core group of analysts who play an important role in generating strategic insights across the VNSNY organization within four functional areas: Clinical analytics - Who is going to get sick? What can we do to prevent or mitigate these health events? When is the best time to implement these actions? This functional area examines the drivers of clinical outcomes; analyzes opportunities for managing risk-based populations; evaluates programs and interventions that aim to improve patient outcomes. Quality analytics How is quality of care measured and how is it related to patient outcomes? Where are opportunities to improve the quality of care to our patients and members? Analysts in this functional area serve as subject matter experts on healthcare quality measurement and risk adjustment; use predictive modeling to identify patient populations in need of clinical interventions; identify opportunities for improvement in clinical processes that can lead to improved quality of care. Operational analytics How can we optimize our business operations in order to be more efficient? How do we deliver our services in order to improve the coordination of care for our patients and members? This functional area focuses on efficiency and optimization of business practices in order to improve patient care; uses techniques including time series forecasting and geospatial analysis to address business problems such as staffing and scheduling; analyzes opportunities for business growth within the organization and predicts and forecasts expenses. Policy analytics What is the impact of health care policy on our patient population? On our most vulnerable patients and members? How will changes in reimbursement policy affect the way we deliver patient care? What partnerships can we develop in order to ensure that our patients and members continue receiving optimal care? Analysts in this functional area serve as subject matter experts on healthcare policy; analyze areas for meaningful value investments that focus on improving health outcomes while saving money; use predictive modeling to identify high cost and high need patient populations who may be impacted most by changes in health policy. You Are: Looking for an opportunity to leverage your training in statistics and work alongside clinical, operational, and business stakeholders by developing and testing hypotheses to solve a wide variety of business challenges Savvy in applying statistical modeling, data science, and experimental designs to complex problems and seek to engage in new challenges Driven by curiosity and a passion to learn, you thrive in situations where you can bring clarity to ambiguous and multi-faceted problems A logical thinker and can learn new programming languages, computing applications or data sources with limited support Have a desire to use your analytical skills to make measurable impacts on the lives of patients Requirements: Bachelors degree in bio/statistics, epidemiology, healthcare administration, operations research, or a related field with coursework in statistics; Graduate degree preferred Professional experience: 5+ years with a bachelors degree, 2+ years with a graduate degree Experience performing complex data analysis and interpretation, preferably in a post-acute, long-term, or managed care health care setting Programming experience with at least one statistical package (e.g., R, SAS, Stata) with demonstrated ability to learn and wield multiple analytical tools Knowledge of relational databases and programming experience in SQL or PLSQL Ability to effectively communicate results of complex data analysis to non-statistical audiences through user-friendly data visualizations and reports Ability to translate business needs into relevant data-driven deliverables and analyses Demonstrated experience executing analyses in a timely, rigorous and reproducible manner Ability to manage multiple projects independently, sometimes on tight deadlines Excellent oral, written, and interpersonal communication skills and ability to work collaboratively across different teams Demonstrated attention to detail; when you find data that looks wrong, you are emotionally compelled to figure out why Nice to Have: Experience with medical claims, electronic medical records, and health assessment data (e.g. OASIS, UAS-NY) Knowledge of Medicare and Medicaid payment policy and alternative payment models (e.g. HHGM, Value Based Payment, dual-risk models, Hospice Final Rule) Knowledge of risk adjustment strategies and application of risk adjustment to quality measurement programs such as CMS Home Health Quality Measures, CMS Home Health Value-Based Purchasing Model, CMS Hospice Quality Reporting Program, New York State MLTC Quality Incentive, HEDIS Understanding of supervised and unsupervised data mining and predictive modeling techniques Experience with operational analytics and applying operational research techniques to support strategic and operational decisions Experience in quasi-experimental methods such as propensity score matching or instrumental variable analysis Programming experience (e.g., Java, Python, C++) CA2019"
3105171057 1 88 3.8 "10000+ employees" "Motion Picture Production & Distribution" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" " We are seeking a Data Analyst who will partner with business and operating teams who will focus on reporting to monitor key performance indicators and metrics. Collaborating across disciplines, you will design and implement reporting that enables internal clients to access, explore and monitor their data.Responsibilities :Partner with colleagues facilitating the design, build and automation of reports / dashboards that provide insight into customer conversion and behavior.  Partner with cross-functional colleagues to identify and report on short-term and long-term performance.  Implementing self-service tools used to access disparate data sources (both legacy and cloud-based).  Train and support colleagues in the use of self-service data exploration and visualization tools.  Analyze variability from trends; exploring data and communicating findings to influence acquisition and retention strategies.  Perform ad hoc analysis as necessary.  Instigate process change to evolve our subscriber reporting with the growing needs of the subscription business.Basic Qualifications :2+ years of relevant experience (1 year work experience implementing and reporting on business key performance indicators and 1 year work experience using SQL is required)  Strong analytic SQL skills and experience working with traditional relational databases and/or NoSQL databases such as Hadoop / Hive, BigQuery, Redshift.  Additional programming languages (e.g. Python, R) preferred.  Familiarity with data exploration / data visualization tools like Tableau, Chartio, etc.  Ability to think strategically, analyze and interpret market and consumer information.  Strong communication skills written and verbal presentations.  Excellent conceptual and analytical reasoning competencies.  Comfortable working in a fast-paced and highly collaborative environment.Required Education :BS DegreePreferred Education :Degree in an analytical field such as economics, mathematics, or computer science is desired."
3107037074 0 84 3.6 "5001 to 10000 employees" "Insurance Carriers" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" " Since 1851, MassMutual’s commitment has always been to help people protect their families, support their communities, and help one another. This is why we want to inspire people to Live Mutual. We’re people helping people.  A career with us means you will work alongside exceptional people and be empowered to reach your professional and personal goals. Our employees are the foundation of what makes MassMutual a strong, stable and ethical business. We seek and value unique and varied perspectives and experiences because we believe we are stronger when all voices are heard. We invite you to bring your bright, innovative ideas to MassMutual as we continue to help millions of Americans rely on each other.  Together, we’re stronger.Description<U+200B><U+200B>DESCRIPTIONHaven Life is an insuretech innovator at MassMutual that offers a new way to get life insurance online that's actually simple.We combine the culture of a startup with the stability and backing of a Fortune 500 company to create an environment that's truly unique.Our diverse team is comprised of smart, collaborative people who think big, execute quickly and don't take themselves too seriously. We're located in New York's Flatiron District and in case you're wondering, yes, we provide free snacks. Cold brew too.If you're creative, professional and kind, we'd love to hear from you.ABOUT THIS ROLE:We are looking for an individual with an enduring curiosity about data and with an interest in evolving best practices and tools. In collaboration with other team members, you will help shape the vision, planning, and execution of Haven technology and product innovation. You will:Partner closely with product managers, engineers, designers, marketing, insurance experts, and other team members to improve customer experience and enhance our business.Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing analysis to various business areas within the Haven Life team.Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data setsInform, influence, and support product in making data driven decisions.Identify data needs and gaps, and work with developers to devise solutions in data gathering, ingestion, and modeling.Acquire data from primary or secondary data sourcesWork closely with management to prioritize business and information needsAd hoc support for key business needs or requests.REQUIREMENTSBS/BA RequiredMinimum 1-3 years' of experience in a Data Analyst roleComfortable using BI tools to analyze and manipulate data, such as SQL, Tableau, and QlikStrong skills in data extraction, cleaning, analysis and visualization (e.g. SQL, Python, R)Excellent written and verbal communication skills; Ability to present and communicate findings in a clear manner to a variety of audiences.Strong work ethic, intellectual curiosity and attention to detail.PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS3-5 years of experience in a Data Analytics roleBENEFITSWe pay competitive base salaries and we reward performance. Our salary structure is commensurate with experience. In addition, you’ll be eligible to participate in our comprehensive benefits program including medical insurance and 401(K).Qualified applicants must be authorized to work in the US. Ranked No. 93 in the annual FORTUNE ® 500 Ranking (FORTUNE ® Magazine, June 2018) and recognized as a World’s Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere, MassMutual is guided by a single purpose: We help people secure their future and protect the ones they love. As a company owned by our policyowners, we are defined by mutuality and our vision to put customers first. It’s more than our company structure – it’s our way of life. We are a company of people protecting people. Our company exists because people are willing to share risk and resources, and rely on each other when it counts. At MassMutual, we Live Mutual. CORE VALUESFocus on the Customer: We understand our customers well and look for every opportunity to deliver an experience that is clear, easy, personal, human, empowering and trustworthy. Act with Integrity: We deliver on our promises by being open, honest and humble and by adhering to the letter and spirit of applicable laws, rules, regulations and company policies. Value People: We respect and learn from each other’s diverse backgrounds, experiences and ideas. We engage and develop people to their greatest potential. Work Collaboratively: We work together to achieve results by actively listening, seeking, understanding and creating solutions as a unified team driving toward one company, one culture, one brand. Achieve Results: We focus on winning by exceeding expectations and getting better – everyone, every day.  For more information, visit www.massmutual.com or find us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Google+, Instagram and Pinterest.  MassMutual is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer Minority/Female/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Individual with Disability/Protected Veteran. We welcome all persons to apply. Note: Veterans are welcome to apply, regardless of their discharge status."
3107227423 0 88 4.6 "51 to 200 employees" "Insurance Agencies & Brokerages" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " Want to help people get the financial protection they need and feel confident in their choices? Policygenius is a NYC-based tech startup that makes it easy to compare and buy insurance online. Since 2014, we've raised over $52 million of venture capital, established ourselves as a pioneer in Fintech and helped more than 4.5 million people get vital coverage for their families.  We're rapidly growing and looking for people with grit, great attitudes and creative problem-solving skills to join our powerhouse team. Come see why we were voted one of INC's best workplaces of 2018! About the role... At Policygenius, marketing covers a broad scope of activities from customer acquisition and retention to our educational content on our site. Our acclaimed marketers use data everyday to measure performance and squeeze as much value out of our efforts as possible. We also rely on data to inform critical decisions that drive our business forward.  With an eye towards continuous improvement, you will support and shape marketing strategies that will materially impact the bottom line. As part of the Business Intelligence team, this role will dive into the unique challenges of marketing analytics to reveal insights and drive them to action. You will...Support the Marketing teams in solving business-critical problems across Product, Operations and EngineeringDrive continuous improvement to enhance and expand on reporting infrastructureDesign & execute AB testing and multivariate testing plans as requiredCarry out ad hoc analyses from data acquisition to business recommendationsSupport with design and measurement of incrementality test and media/marketing attributionExtract insights on drivers of marketing performance, ROI and downstream conversionCollaborate closely with marketers to design & implement marketing KPIIncorporate data and insights from adjacent functions, e.g. customer profiles, marketing activities, website design & development, downstream conversion, etc.You have...3+ years experience analyzing marketing activities with with clear, quantifiable results; expertise in digital marketing (e.g. SEO, social, content marketing) is highly desiredProficiency in marketing concepts, activities and analytical challenges, having worked with marketers, brand managers and/or agenciesExperience in cross-functional project work to deliver measurable business impactsThe ability to synthesize, visualize and communicate ideas to stakeholders across different functions and levelsAn exceptionally analytical mindset, driven by curiosity with a focus on data-driven decision making and measuring successComfort and desire to take the wheel and tackle complex and ambiguous problemsFluency in SQL with experience in data visualization in Tableau or similar toolsSTEM undergraduate and/or master's degree preferredYou'll get...Company-paid health, dental, vision, life & disability insurance401(k) plan, FSA & commuter benefitsFlexible PTO [for relevant roles]Training, mentorship and coaching from leadershipThe opportunity to grow alongside a company shaking up a big, old-fashioned industryFun, diverse, open-minded coworkersDog companionshipSome fun surprises when you join (Shhh It's a secret!)"
3107760203 0 102 4.6 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Enterprise Software & Network Solutions" "$100 to $500 million (USD) per year" "About Us AppDynamics is the Application Intelligence company. With AppDynamics, enterprises have real-time insights into application performance, user performance and business performance so they can move faster in an increasingly sophisticated, software-driven world. Our integrated suite of products is built on our innovative, enterprise-grade App iQ Platform that enables our customers to make faster decisions that enhance customer engagement and improve operational and business performance.  AppDynamics is uniquely positioned to enable enterprises to accelerate their digital transformations by actively monitoring, analyzing, and optimizing complex application environments at scale which has led to proven success and trust with the Global 2000. About the Role AppDynamics is seeking a Business Value Consultant (BVC). The role of Business Value Consultant is a critical client-facing role. Our BVCs work closely with the go-to-market organization (sales engineering and field sales, in particular) to help consult the client in defining potential business value improvements that our solutions can help achieve. Responsibilities of a BVC include: Engaging onsite with clients to perform operational assessments of development, QA, and production operations processes and tools.Document gap analysis of clients’ current versus desired state, identifying specific opportunities for improvement leveraging AppDynamics’ capabilities.Using in-depth business, technical, and financial analyses to understand the baseline and future capabilities of the client; as part of this analysis, align client strategic business and technical objectives with the required capabilities that AppDynamics provides.Build expert level understanding and credibility around the IT Ops and Application Performance Management (APM) technology spaces, and apply this knowledge to differentiate the AppDynamics platform relative to competing solutions.Produce and present in-depth analysis and consult clients on the impact to business value that can be achieved.In collaboration with regional sales leadership, and other necessary GTM resources, operationalize a comprehensive and scalable customer engagement process.Play an active role in the evolution of AppDynamics’ business value consulting team and methodology. We expect team members, whether individual contributors or leadership, to take a hands-on role in the continuous improvement of this best-in-class BVC practice; specifically help lead and build Value Selling and Realization processes, templates, and tools.Travel required up to 40%About YouDeep understanding of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) and industry experience in enterprise software a must; domain experience in IT Operations Management, DevOps, and/or application infrastructure (PaaS, Middleware, Big Data platforms, for example) strongly preferred.Proven ability to understand highly complex IT environments and corresponding use cases; the ability to build out nuanced ROI assessments, business cases, etc.Consultative personality to effectively facilitate interview sessions with a wide-ranging set of potential stakeholdersEnterprise Business and financial modeling experienceEconomics, Finance or related degree or experienceExperience and effectiveness in presenting to an executive level audienceA mindset of continuous improvement; team-first approach and low egoBenefits We know that the award winning culture at AppDynamics is something to brag about, but here are more reasons that make you excited to get out of bed to come in the morning, like: Medical, dental, vision coverage401k match (4.5%)Wellness perks (gym, hobbies, education, store discounts, personal finance)4 weeks PTO, 5 days VTO, 14 holidays (including 1 birthday PTO and 1 floating holiday)Mandatory company shut down between Christmas and New YearsWeekly catered breakfast and lunch, and all the snacks, fruits and drinks your heart desires, monthly happy hour events, and weekly massagesFree shuttle service and pre-tax commuter benefitsJust a note Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies: AppDynamics does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any AppDynamics employee. AppDynamics will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of AppDynamics.  AppDynamics is an equal opportunity employer and considers all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or any other unlawful factor. AppDynamics complies with all applicable laws, including those regarding consideration of qualified applicants with criminal histories (such as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance). If your disability makes it difficult for you to use this site, please contact recruiting@appdynamics.com. AppDynamics participates in E-Verify.#LI-MW1"
3107761786 1 108 4 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Food & Beverage Manufacturing" "$1 to $2 billion (USD) per year" " Chobani’s Data Scientist will perform advanced statistical analysis to develop actionable insights for strategic decision making. Working closely with Chobani’s Innovation, Marketing Communication, Category Development, Sales, and Creative teams, this position provides an internal consultative perspective on analytical tools, measurement, and testing. Data analysis will be conducted in the following key areas of focus: new product development (market sizing, optimal pricing, packaging testing), sales forecasting, marketing mix, competitive assessments, and ad testing. As a key member of the insights team, the Data Scientist will translate data into analytical insights that unlock key opportunities across the company’s current and future product offerings and sales operations. The responsibilities of this position include:Utilize statistical skills in analyzing advanced and comprehensive strategic issuesTranslate business questions into research objectives, design and conduct analyses, develop findings and synthesize recommendations to deliver valuable, relevant, and actionable insightsProvide team members with testing, optimization and statistics support regarding design of experiments, recommendations and expertise to develop testing parametersFormulate new and evolve existing methodologies to provide more accurate statistical outputs to help enhance and improve recommendations to the businessLead the survey questionnaire design, facilitate data collection, clean quantitative and qualitative data, interpret and evaluate statistical outputs, create recommendations based on findings, prepare results summaries and present findings internallyIdentify relevant trends and insights within datasets and promote unbiased evidence-based, data-driven decision-makingResearch and analyze third party data sources to develop and forecastThe requirements of this position include:BA in Statistics, Economics or EconometricsMaster's in Economics, Econometrics, Statistics, Analytics, Quantitative Methods or related field or equivalent experience a plusExperience in statistical modeling or forecastingProfessional data science experience in the marketing / market research / consumer analytics space preferredHands-on experience with statistical analysis programs such as R, Python, SPSS, or STATAMust be able to multitask and prioritize multiple projectsFamiliarity in an office environment and working/communicating with others at all levels (e.g., C-level executives, upper management, fellow associates, etc.)Comfortable with assessing and solving complex problems through data analysisAbility to apply critical thinking skills in order to understand business issuesAbility to communicate complex statistical analysis in a straightforward manner, orally and in writing, to all levels of management and non-quantitative audiencesUnderstanding of data profiling, data comparison and data validation techniquesStrong command of primary, secondary and quantitative methodologies and proceduresExhibit solid organizational skills and be detail orientedFamiliarity with significance testing, regressions (OLS, logit/probit etc.), correlational analyses, multivariate analyses (i.e. MANOVA, factor analysis), and forecasting/time series (ARIMA, ARCH, GACH), MaxDiff and Conjoint analysisAbout Us: Since our founding 10 years ago, we’ve always been a different kind of company. After moving to New York from his native Turkey, our CEO Hamdi Ulukaya found that in America, yogurt just wasn’t as delicious or widely available as it was back home. He thought everyone deserved better options, so he set about making delicious, nutritious, natural, and accessible Greek Yogurt right here in the U.S.  Our mission since day one has been to provide better food to more people. And now as the No. 1-selling Greek Yogurt brand in America and the second largest overall yogurt manufacturer, we believe every food maker has a responsibility to provide people with better options, which is why we’re so proud of the way our food is made.  Our food philosophy of crafting quality products with simple ingredients is what makes Chobani a different kind of yogurt. Our belief that business done right has the ability to change lives and strengthen communities is what makes Chobani a different kind of company. From the way we source our ingredients to how we treat our employees, Chobani strives to make universal wellness happen sooner with everything we do. Certified as a Great Place to Work® for the last two years, our culture is built on shared passion, dedication, and a commitment to doing what is right. Together, the Chobani family has created something unlike what any company has done before. The possibilities are endless. Chobani is an equal opportunity employer. Chobani will not discriminate against any applicant for employment on any basis including, but not limited to: race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, military and/or veteran status, marital status, predisposing genetic characteristics and genetic information, or any other classification protected by federal, state and local laws."
3107768631 1 94 4.2 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Enterprise Software & Network Solutions" "$500 million to $1 billion (USD) per year" " Medidata is leading the digital transformation of life sciences with the world's most-used platform for clinical development, commercial and real-world data. Powered by artificial intelligence and delivered by #1 ranked industry experts, the Intelligent Platform for Life Sciences helps pharmaceutical, biotech, medical device companies and academic researchers accelerate value, minimize risk and optimize outcomes. Medidata serves more than 1,000 customers and partners worldwide and empowers more than 100,000 certified users every day to create hope for millions of patients. Discover the future of life sciences: www.mdsol.com  We know that diverse teams win and are fully committed to selecting leaders and employees that represent the markets in which we operate. We are still led by our Co-founders, Tarek Sherif and Glen de Vries, and have global operations in US, Europe and Asia with over 2000 employees. Your Mission:Designs, develops and manages activities for a specific product or group of products from product definition and planning through production, release, and end of lifeServes as the central resource with design, process, manufacturing, test, quality and marketing as the product(s) move to production and distributionInvolvement lasts throughout all stages of a product’s lifecycle including modifications, upgrades and maintenance of the product or product lineYour Competencies:Developing professional expertise, applies company policies and procedures to resolve a variety of issuesWorks on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors. Exercises judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate actionBuilds productive internal/external working relationshipsNormally receives general instructions on routine work, detailed instructions on new projects or assignmentsYour Education & Experience:Typically requires a Bachelor’s degree and a minimum of 2 years of related experience; or an advanced degree without experience; or equivalent work experience Medidata is making a real difference in the lives of patients everywhere by accelerating critical drug and medical device development, enabling life-saving drugs and medical devices to get to market faster. Our products sit at the convergence of the Technology and Life Sciences industries, one of most exciting areas for global innovation. Nine of the top 10 best-selling drugs in 2017 were developed on the Medidata platform.  Medidata’s solutions have powered over 14,000 clinical trials giving us the largest collection of clinical trial data in the world. With this asset, we pioneer innovative, advanced applications and intelligent data analytics, bringing an unmatched level of quality and efficiency to clinical trials enabling treatments to reach waiting patients sooner.  Medidata Solutions, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Medidata Solutions provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by the law. Medidata Solutions complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.  #LI-AS2"
3110892121 0 89.749 3.7 "10000+ employees" "IT Services" "$2 to $5 billion (USD) per year" " Welcome to the Avanade Digital Innovation Studios, where the best in creative and technology mix it up to push the boundaries of innovation. We're a fast-moving, big-idea-dreaming, mishmash of designers, UX architects, technologists, delivery experts, writers, and more, who, when brought together, create trans formative digital experiences for some of the biggest and best brands on the planet. Sound like a place you wouldn't mind hanging your hat? Great, in North America you can find us in Atlanta, Chicago, Houston, Los Angeles, NYC, Raleigh, Seattle, and Toronto."
3111330452 0 87 3.3 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Health Care Services & Hospitals" "$1 to $2 billion (USD) per year" " Business Intelligence Developer - Manhattan, NY.  This Business Intelligence, or Qlik Developer is responsible for back end data management/development for the Innovatix/Essensa business intelligence products and tools. This position will design, code, repair, enhance, integrate, upgrade, convert, provide level-3 support, and administer application software, and middleware. Work is performed within enterprise guidelines and standards regarding the development life cycle, version control, source code control, documentation, testing, code verification, continuous integration, continuous deployment, automation, compliance policies and team collaboration. In addition, they will work on most stories independently with minimal supervision; however, they do not have a full grasp of the big picture, nor the full software development life cycle.  This position will receive direction from departmental lead and will work with the other BI Developers. They have full latitude for independent judgment when applying skills and problem solving capabilities, with oversight often required by senior team members. They update their job knowledge by studying state-of-the-art business intelligence tools, staying informed of industry trends, development techniques, and end user information consumption; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; participating in professional organizations.  The core requirements for this position will be providing Business Intelligence/Analytic development on both existing and new/prototype applications. This position will collaborate daily with audit, sales, membership, clinical, technology and additional departments as needed to develop and enhance reporting, data access and analyses. Major Accountabilities65% - DevelopmentDevelop Qlik Sense Reports/DashboardRequirement gatheringData modelingDocumenting analysis, workshops, business process descriptions10 % - Configuration and AdministrationInstalling and configure Qliksense production and test environments.Data Source Configuration and Maintenance, ETL scriptingManage User Licenses5 % - Cognos DevelopmentSupport new Cognos report development and/or maintain existing reports.20 % - Business IntelligenceContributing to tactical decisions around report designs, Data visualization and creative direction.Brainstorming broad concepts and ideas of various reporting designs, both individually and with the team, and translate those into a consumable, tangible objective.Estimating timeframes for self in order to deliver projects on time and to budget.Requirements and preferences:Bachelor’s degree in computer or other science, math or analytics is required (Master’s degree is preferred)Minimum of 2 years of experience in developing solution, and building reports and dashboards using BI platforms like QlikSense, QlikView, Tableau, PowerBI, or Cognos (3 years preferred)Good knowledge of installing and configuring/administering QlikSense or equivalent software infrastructureProficiency in MS Office applications, especially with ExcelHands-on familiarity with ETL processingCapable of multitasking & prioritizing in a fast paced and agile work environmentIntermediate SQL coding skillsUnderstanding Data Warehouse conceptsAbility to interact with all levels of the IT teams and develop and maintain relationships with software vendorsBe adaptive and change priorities quickly; meet deadlinesAbout Premier’s Alternate Site division, Innovatix and Essensa: Innovatix was founded on one core principle: to meet the ever-evolving needs of our members. To keep pace with our members and their markets, Innovatix offers more than 2,000 contracts from over 900 industry-leading suppliers. As a GPO, we ensure that our members have the right products and services<U+2015>at the right price. But Innovatix also provides value-added services to support member business, education, and regulatory challenges.  Owned by Premier, Innovatix has been serving pharmacies, senior living providers, and independent oncology practices since 1993. As our name suggests, we are always innovating, extending the deep discounts and member-focused service model we created for our 32,000+ members representing healthcare, K–12 educational institutions, and the broader business community.  #LI-BG1  #Manhattan  Premier is looking for smart, agile individuals like you to help us transform the healthcare industry. Here you will find critical thinkers who have the freedom to make an impact. Colleagues who share your thirst to learn more and do things better. Teammates committed to improving the health of a nation. See why incredible challenges require incredible people.  Premier is an Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities!"
3111452626 0 81 3.9 "201 to 500 employees" "Computer Hardware & Software" "$10 to $25 million (USD) per year" " Data Analyst, Business IntelligenceWhat's next in music is first on SoundCloud. As the world’s largest open audio platform, SoundCloud is powered by a connected community of creators, listeners and curators who share, discover and influence what’s new, now and next in music and audio.  At SoundCloud, as an open platform with millions of creators and listeners and several revenue models, we deal with complex questions everyday. To make better informed business decisions, we are looking for a exceptional Business Intelligence Senior Analyst who combines data science excellence with strong business acumen to distill relevant insight from the SC data asset. The role will be based in SoundCloud's New York Office and will be a core part of the Strategy & Research team. The Role: You will be an integral part in SoundCloud’s Business Intelligence function to enable a deeper, data-based understanding of the development, trending and dynamics of the company’s Creator and Listener business. You will drive sophistication of data-based decision making within the business units. Your work will directly inform strategic thinking across the company and impact, important short, mid-term decisions at middle and senior leadership level. As Senior Analyst, Business Intelligence you will:Act as a central expert function at the company by designing and implementing our Creator and Listener analysis and reporting frameworksContribute as expert to strategic projects alongside Strategy and Business teams. Such contributions may include behavioral analyses, designing, running and analyzing experimentsIndependently run ad-hoc projects to analyze and understand business implications of proposed decisionsBuild sustainable cross functional relationships across the organization, especially Creator, Listener, Marketing leads, Data Science/Data Platform and Audience ResearchFeel comfortable using SQL, and occasionally Python, to access data when conducting analyses and building Tableau dashboardsWhat you'll bring to the team:Degree in quantitative field (strong academic track record preferred)5+ years of experience in leading tech firms, ideally with streaming, subscription and/or advertising backgroundExceptional analytical skills paired with excellent business judgementAbility to work with large data sets from multiple data sources with excellent SQL skills and some knowledge of PythonExperience with Data Warehouse infrastructure BigQuery and concepts as well designing and deploying ETLs in order to transform big data into meaningful business informationStrong sense of urgency, attention to detail paired with hands-on approach; Ability to handle complex situations with clarity and confidence and thorough analysis (you do the work!)Strong resiliency and ambition to get things done despite an often-changing market and competitive situationStrong communication/presentation skills with a track record of presenting complex analysis to senior managementExcellent ability to build relationships and networks with multiple functions, regions, and at all levels of the organizationExcellent stakeholder management skills with both technical and business audiencesMust strive to deliver excellent work quality If this sounds like you, then we look forward to reviewing your application. Diversity at SoundCloud SoundCloud is for everyone. Diversity and open expression are fundamental to our organization they help us build a social platform and global community where anyone can create, discover, and share sounds. We acknowledge the challenges in our industry and strive to develop an inclusive culture where everyone can contribute.  We want to  hear from you. Apply now! Like it? Share it!  Facebook  Twitter  LinkedIn  Email"
3115002690 0 92 3.7 "10000+ employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" " Company Profile  Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services  firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment  management and wealth management services. The Firm's employees serve clients  worldwide including corporations, governments and individuals from more than  1,200 offices in 43 countries. As a market leader, the talent and passion of  our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of  values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethics. Morgan Stanley  can provide a superior foundation for building a professional career, a place  for people to learn, to achieve and grow. A philosophy that balances personal  lifestyles, perspectives and needs is an important part of our culture.  About Third Party Program Management  The Third Party Program Management (TPPM) group is a  dedicated first line of defense function within Reengineering & Expense  Management (REM) and the Finance division, established to more effectively  manage risks associated with Morgan Stanley’s use of internal and external Third  Parties to provide goods and services. TPPM is part of REM alongside Accounts  Payable and Firmwide Sourcing.  TPPM’s key objectives are:  ·  Enable a firm-wide Third Party Risk Management (TPRM)  program based in 1st LoD  ·  Implement a firm-wide TPRM strategy, processes  and tools  ·  Execute due diligence and ongoing monitoring  ·  Implement clear, consistent information and  reporting to identify, measure, monitor and manage firm-wide risks  ·  Maintain compliance with regulatory requirements  Responsibilities  The role will be responsible for leading a data analytics  effort to support the Third Party Inventory Initiative which aims to identify  and establish an inventory of third parties, their services, regions and  business units. In this capacity, the role will report to the Project Manager  for the Third Party Inventory Initiative. This role will also work closely with  IT, internal clients and REM personnel on other end-to-end initiatives.  Specific responsibilities include:  ·  Establish relationships with internal clients in  the Third Party Program Management space  ·  Organize and lead business and technical  requirement gathering sessions with internal clients  ·  Assist IT in developing detailed functional  specifications  ·  Work to acquire data from primary or secondary  sources  ·  Interpret and analyze data using statistical  techniques  ·  Develop and implement data analyses, data  collection processes and other strategies that optimize efficiency and quality  of the data and subsequent use  ·  Evaluate business processes, including  flowcharting (current state / future state)  ·  Create applicable test cases and work with IT on  UAT testing plans  ·  Develop, update, implement and maintain  procedures  ·  Run status meetings to communicate progress with  Stakeholders and Project Team  ·  Update project plans and progress reports for  Senior Management  ·  Develop training materials as required  ·  Effectively communicate verbally and in writing  ·  Advanced use of the MS Office Suite (Word,  Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Project, Access and SharePoint)  The successful candidate will have experience in areas  related to data analytics and project management. More specifically,  qualifications ought to include:  ·  6 years of experience in business analytics and  project management preferably in a global Banking or Financial Services  organizations  ·  Strong project management skills, including  ability to coordinate with cross-functional teams with varied backgrounds and  skills  ·  Demonstrated consulting, analytical and problem  solving skills with the ability to translate analysis into actions and results  ·  Excellent communication (oral as well as  writing) and presentation skills with a proven ability to effectively interact  with team members, clients, and peers, earning their trust and establishing  credibility  ·  Good knowledge of data cleansing and  transformation  ·  Experience developing and maintaining process  and procedural documentation is desirable  ·  Ability to multi-task with good organizational  and time management skills  ·  Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint,  Visio and Project  ·  Previous use of SQL is desirable  ·  Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of  training and experience"
3116224176 0 119 3.1 "10000+ employees" "Food & Beverage Manufacturing" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" " Anheuser-Busch is looking for a Sr. Manager of Commercial Analytics. This person will be responsible for leading and implementing the analytics projects focused on pricing, promotion and revenue generation with relevant solutions that are dynamic, flexible and have ability to model optimal permutations with large complex sets of data. The lead acts as the key point of contact between the Solutions Analytics team and the broader Commercial Management teams in driving new thinking and concepts in this area. The lead would be the key expert in the overall solutions and technologies dedicated to holistic profitability analysis. Key Roles and Responsibilities:Responsible for delivering commercial analytics projects and proof of concepts in the zone, working closely with the business teams and external vendors making sure the right solution is delivered with the right impact Identify and test concepts, technologies, and partner quickly and effectively with the appropriate level of governance required to validate results and gain stakeholder and business alignmentEnable an environment which is focused on identifying gaps and needs of the business through dedicated industry and technology research while utilizing internal network and labsInfluence and collaborate with the solutions teams to deliver future solutions, with scale up capabilityHelp to streamline a better data supply chain for analytics that goes from experimentation into productionAssist in the development of new digital applications that are built on an ad hoc basis to address new business requirements or opportunitiesInterpret, validate and explain findings, and ensure that insights lead to appropriate actionsEmbrace design thinking, storytelling and translating insights into decisions and actionsWork in an agile project environment with high pace delivery of results and outputsBachelor’s Degree in Business or Information Technology required. Advanced degree preferredExtensive knowledge of commercial/sales/finance management with 4-7 years of project experience in commercial analytics projectsHands on experience with data wrangling tools Alteryx, SAS, Mule and KnimePrevious involvement in data science projects working with statistical packages like Python and RAbility to influence strategic decisions of the businessTechnical Qualifications:Python and Shell ScriptingGit and Gitflow workflowsMySQL, NOSQLExperience using project support tools such as Microsoft Dev/Ops or VSTSSetting up Virtual Environment in Linux and MicrosoftConfiguring Docker ContainerDeploying with KubernetesData Processing with Spark, Hadoop or HivePublishing data with MongoDB or SQLDB or Cosmos DBElasticsearchDistributed Streaming e.g. Apache KafkaScheduling with Apache AirflowLightweight web application like Flask or DjangoTo have clear understanding of Agile Principals.Preferred Qualifications: Knowledge of Machine Learning and tools like Databricks & AlteryxKnowledge of JavaScript , Bootstrap, HTML/CSS"
3116756827 0 95 2.6 "10000+ employees" "Home Furniture & Housewares Stores" "$5 to $10 billion (USD) per year" " Requisition Number: WE-14779  Area of Interest: Information Technology  Organization: Corporate  Brand/Division: West Elm  Position Type: Full-time JOB DESCRIPTIONWho we are: Born in Brooklyn. At home in the world. west elm has been helping customers express their personal style at home since the launch of our first catalog in 2002. Our home base is nestled down under the Manhattan Bridge in the DUMBO neighborhood of Brooklyn, NY, right above our flagship store. We are a dynamic, fast-paced brand with an exciting growth strategy. We value imagination, diversity and giving people the opportunity to explore, grow and shape our future. We look for innovative, smart and hard-working individuals who enjoy creative thinking and ingenuity. Help us carry out our mission of being a source of inspiration to our customers, creating a global community and tirelessly seeking ways to evolve our brand.  The Supply Chain Optimization team is responsible for the planning of strategic and operational initiatives to drive sales, inventory, and profit objectives. Operating efficient business processes allows our brand flexibility to continue to be an innovator in the field and create new opportunities for the brand and individuals to grow, as well as create customer satisfaction.  The BI Developer impacts the organization by creating and maintaining the foundational data and business reporting to support the analysis of inventory, sales, margin, and profitability data. This role is a key player in ensuring system structure and operations are efficient and timely and users have visibility to business trends. The ideal candidate will align with the brand by bringing creative thinking and innovation to help drive profitable business decisions. As west elm grows and expands in new marketplaces and broadens its footprint, the planning and execution of efficient operational strategies is crucial to maintaining market leadership and customer satisfaction. Essential Functions:Develop and maintain technology systems, platforms, or tools needed to support data and reportingOversee the planning and execution of data discovery, extraction, transformation, storage, validation and testingDesign, execute, and schedule queries or transformations to support reporting and dashboard needsReview systems and propose solutions to create more efficient or productive processes that support end user needsCreate and maintain documentation of data and reporting process, data structure, and project updatesPartner with technology, supply chain, inventory, and finance teams and participate in solution design sessions You... Love to work collaboratively in a group, you have an innate willingness to dig in and contribute with your teamAre driven and motivated by the possibilities aheadThink innovation is critical in a business environment and support others in creative thinkingPride yourself on the quality of work and are a stickler for the detailsNaturally challenge yourself and others to growREQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONSQualifications:2+ years of relevant systems development or analysis experienceKnowledge of T-SQL, PL/SQL, Teradata SQL, and DB2Experience with QlikView or QlikSense preferredVBA, R, Python knowledge is a plusTime management and communication skillsProficient in Excel and Microsoft SuiteComputer Science or Information Technology degree preferredBenefits: We offer an extensive benefits package designed to help you grow, personally and professionally, to care for your family and to build a secure future. Depending on your position and your location, here's a look at what you might be eligible for: Competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance; tax-free spending accounts; same-sex domestic partner benefits; commuter benefits; and moreA 401(k) plan and other investment opportunitiesPaid vacations, holidays and other time-off programsA generous discount on all Williams Sonoma Inc. brands through multiple shopping channelsCross-brand and cross-function career opportunitiesDiscounts on nearby gyms and other local businesses This position is not eligible for visa sponsorship.  This role is not eligible for relocation assistance.  Williams-Sonoma, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  Williams-Sonoma, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  Williams-Sonoma, Inc. will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, or other applicable state or local laws and ordinances."
3121105112 0 109.58 4.5 "201 to 500 employees" "Enterprise Software & Network Solutions" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " Business Systems AnalystCollibrians are building a new way for all data users to have access to trustworthy data so they can make good data-driven decisions. We have modeled the Collibra platform after the best collaborative digital communities to be flexible, transparent, and human. We've replaced rigid rules with open collaboration. The result is data governance that's second nature, from day one. If you're interested in joining the team, look no further.How you'll make an impact at CollibraCollibra is seeking a talented and versatile Business Systems Analyst (BSA) to help us with G&A (HR, Finance, Accounting, Legal, etc.) to support growth, scale, compliance, and global processes. We are looking for candidates who are excited about the prospect of a job with lots of responsibility, visibility and the potential to grow with our fast-growing company.  This position will collaborate with process owners across G&A. You will be responsible for the execution of a variety of projects and as admin across the back-office systems stack (ERP, CRM, T&E, HRIS, etc.). You will be responsible for deploying, configuring, administering, and integrating systems to support Collibra's growth. There is a ton to do but you won't be flying solo. \"We are one Collibra\" and this is a team effort. You will be working with the Head of Business Operations, the Accounting Director, and other stakeholders to help build for scale and \"Embrace and Drive Change\". The Head of Business Operations will help define, document, and deploy the long-term G&A systems architecture and structure for the Company. You will contribute significantly towards Collibra's growth, scalability, and strategic objectives.ResponsibilitiesEvaluate our recently deployed system's (ERP and others) process design and architecture to suggest projects that optimize and deliver on Collibra's vision for the G&A systems stackDevelop project scope and execution planResponsible for deploying/configuring new systems brought into the environment (stock admin, payroll, T&E, etc.)Configuration and admin of G&A systems (e.g. Netsuite, SFDC PSA, Callidus, Egencia, Expensify, Jira, etc.)Strong knowledge of G&A business processes including AP, AR, Procurement, Financial Reporting, month-end close processes, etc.Understand system's interdependencies and be able to write integrationsStrong problem-solving skills and the ability to design solutions that meet a range of goalsQualificationsBachelor's degree in Business, Computer Engineering (or related field), and/or 5+ years experience in IT Finance, Systems, and Project ManagementExperience with ERP (NetSuite highly preferred)Experience with core G&A systems; HRIS (Namely), T&E (Egencia, Expensify), Integrations (Celigo), Sales Comp (Callidus), Workflow (JIRA); among othersExperience in high growth, fast paced environments, SOX experience is a plusOrganized, analytical, motivated, resourceful, flexible, and collaborativeAbility to build relationships and partnerships with a willingness to share ideasStrong interpersonal and collaboration skillsWe offer...A friendly, rapidly growing environment where your input is valued, and growth is fosteredOngoing opportunities to collaborate with fellow Collibrians globallyProfessional trainingFlexible hours=quality > quantityBi-monthly catered lunches. Never go hungry again!Did we mention happy hour?A state-of-the-art laptopA competitive salary with a strong benefits package"
3122895171 0 82 3.1 "501 to 1000 employees" "Staffing & Outsourcing" "$25 to $50 million (USD) per year" "We are a data rich, data dependent and data intensive business. We gather market and economic data from around the globe which is consumed by our quantitative analysts and portfolio managers to generate insights which, in turn, support the investment process. However, to generate insight from data is dependent on having the data and knowing the data such as what data/how is data used/who owns the data/what is the data policy, etc..  We are seeking a data librarian who has a passion for data and metadata. This person understands that having command of metadata at scale is a business enabler of everything from business intelligence through AI/ML. The librarian will be responsible for driving our metadata strategy. This includes building our data catalogue and data governance approach. This is a hands-on role working closely with the analytics and portfolio management community.  Responsibilities  Driving metadata strategies across the business and technology  Apply metadata and taxonomy management strategies to organize and classify our data landscape  Develop and drive continuous improvement of the taxonomy to proactively serve and rapidly retrieve pertinent, meaningful content to our users  Define and evangelize best practices for organization of datasets and related metadata  Ensure that cataloging and metadata practices make resources more accessible and usable, with particular attention to making connections  Position Requirements:  We recognize that data librarians come from a variety of career backgrounds and are open to unconventional candidates. The successful candidate could come from data background at one of the large data vendors, a technology background or a trading background.  Deep intellectual curiosity and passion for data and language  Knowledge of financial data sets: tick, order flow, trade, fundamental data  Exposure to Bloomberg APIs and ecosystem  Experience with building data/information catalogues used by the business  Experience with managing taxonomies in the financial services industry  Maintain a strong commitment to quality and attention to detail"
3123275322 0 92 4 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Job Purpose/RoleAllianz Global Investors is looking for a motivated individual to join our team in New York as a Data Analyst covering our Investment function. The role will be responsible for the analysis of data sets utilised by the Global Investment Platform at Allianz Global Investors as part of the Investment Data Analysis team within the Global CIO (Chief Investment Officer) Office. The Global CIO Office is a business management function supporting the Investment Platform at Allianz Global Investors.Key Responsibilities Represent the Investment Platform on key AllianzGI data related strategic, operational and regulatory driven projects Data Analysis focused on optimising data utilisation across the Global Investment Platform (including but not limited to analysis of market data, firm reference data, firm-generated data, meta data) Meta Data Analysis and market data vendor cross-mapping - detailed analysis of data sets describing other data sets to automate data on-boarding and catalogue creation Data Automation for Investment Professionals - consultation and implementation of automation of data tasks for the Global Investment Platform Data Set Evaluation - consultation for the firm's Investment Professionals when there is demand for data• Data Governance - implementation of data governance best practice Data Quality analysis and rule set creation - ongoing analysis of data quality metrics, implementation of new data quality rules and working with data users to agree workflow for data quality problems Data Tooling specification, scoping and build - developing custom tooling as required to deal with data analysis, cataloguing or wrangling Primarily based in New York, but will travel to Europe as needed toKey Requirements/Skills/ExperienceRequired:  Strong academic track record with a BA/BS or an advanced degree Significant experience of working with data within an Investment Management environment Ability to problem-solve and think critically and independently Excellent analytical skillset with a core focus on data analysis and data wrangling Strong written communication (including presentations) skillset with high proficiency in English Strong verbal communication skillset with an ability to explain complex topics simply Strong programming skills with working experience of at least two of Python, SQL or RPreferred: Expert-level proficiency with everyday workplace tools like MS Office, VBA, etc. Microsoft Azure suite experience Data science experience Investment data lifecycle and Investment lifecycle knowledge advantageous Market data analysis / management experience a plus Project Management skills / experience is beneficial Good fit to team dynamic Motivated to help others realise value from data German or French language skills a plusAdditional InformationAllianz is the home for those who dare – a supportive place where you can take the initiative to grow and to actively strengthen our global leadership position. By truly caring about people – both its 88 million private and corporate customers and more than 140,000 employees – Allianz fosters a culture where its employees are empowered to collaborate, perform, embrace trends and challenge the industry. Our main ambition is to be our customers’ trusted partner, instilling them with the confidence to grow. If you dare, join us at Allianz Group.  Allianz is an equal opportunity employer. Everybody is welcome, regardless of other characteristics such as gender, age, origin, nationality, race or ethnicity, religion, disability, or sexual orientation."
3125045439 0 77 3.3 "201 to 500 employees" "Sports & Recreation" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "MAJOR PURPOSE: This position serves as the security manager for all Major League Baseball (MLB) owned, leased, and operated  offices and facilities, worldwide. MLB is headquartered in Manhattan, NY, with offices, employees, and/or facilities in  New Jersey, Florida, London, the Dominican Republic, China, Japan, and other locations.  This position is primarily responsible for ensuring the safety and security of all MLB and associated employees by  ensuring a safe and secure workplace. Intelligence and security information management is a key responsibility of  this role. The person filling this position will report directly to the MLB Vice President of Security & Facility  Management, or designee. RESPONSIBILITIES:Develop and implement industry safety and security best practices, procedures, and protocols for all MLB workplace  environments, in cooperation with MLB Office OperationsPartner with the Information Security and other appropriate MLB departments to manage MLB access control, closed  circuit television (CCTV), and other security technologies and processesIn coordination with the MLB Risk Management office, conduct continuity of business operations, security, and loss  control assessments of MLB offices and facilitiesDesign and manage Emergency Evacuation, Active Shooter, Continuity of Operations, and other crisis management  plans (in coordination with landlord safety and government-mandated procedures, as appropriate)Conduct continuous security intelligence monitoring to ensure external events pose minimal impact on MLB  operationsDigest, interpret, and share security intelligence information internally to ensure a well-informed workforceFoster effective partnerships with local, state, federal, and international security, law enforcement, and intelligence  organizations (public & private sector)Coordinate with other professional sports organizations (NBA, NHL, NFL, etc.) on intelligence and security  information and events that may have an impact on the commercial facility sectorIn coordination with other MLB departments, monitor and report on social media and other cyber security matters  that may impact MLB operationsConduct investigations and write after-action reports involving MLB office facility and employee security-related  incidentsAssist the MLB Department of Investigations, as directedPerform other related duties as directed by MLB's Security & Facility Management DepartmentREQUIREMENTS/SKILLS/QUALIFICATIONS:Minimum of 10 years of law enforcement, intelligence, corporate security, or other related experienceDemonstrated ability to digest, analyze, interpret, and disseminate complex intelligence information in a logical and  efficient fashionStrong understanding of employee workplace safety & security practicesExperience designing, testing, and implementing an array of emergency management programs (continuity of  operation, emergency evacuation, crisis management, etc.)Understanding of cyber security and how incidents can affect physical security and employee safetyKnowledge and experience with access control systems, CCTV, gunshot detection, mass notification, and other  security technologiesExperience with training, education, coaching, or similar activityDetail oriented, highly-organized and excellent presentation skillsStrong oral and written communication skillsAbility to manage deliverables with time-sensitive deadlinesAbility to work independently and with oversightHighly-motivated, self-initiated, critical thinkerProfessional demeanor, ability to communicate with diverse audiencesAbility to obtain a security clearance preferredThis position is based in New York City, but requires extensive travel, sometimes on short noticeWorking knowledge of Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)Minimum of a bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university"
3125314642 0 95 2.6 "10000+ employees" "Home Furniture & Housewares Stores" "$5 to $10 billion (USD) per year" " Requisition Number: WE-14779  Area ofInterest: Information Technology Organization: Corporate  Brand/Division: West Elm  Position  Type: Full-time JOBDESCRIPTION Who we are: Born in Brooklyn. At home in the world.  west elm has been helping customers express their personal style at  home since the launch of our first catalog in 2002. Our home base  is nestled down under the Manhattan Bridge in the DUMBO  neighborhood of Brooklyn, NY, right above our flagship store. We  are a dynamic, fast-paced brand with an exciting growth strategy.  We value imagination, diversity and giving people the opportunity  to explore, grow and shape our future. We look for innovative,  smart and hard-working individuals who enjoy creative thinking and  ingenuity. Help us carry out our mission of being a source of  inspiration to our customers, creating a global community and  tirelessly seeking ways to evolve our  brand.  The Supply Chain Optimization team is  responsible for the planning of strategic and operational  initiatives to drive sales, inventory, and profit objectives.  Operating efficient business processes allows our brand flexibility  to continue to be an innovator in the field and create new  opportunities for the brand and individuals to grow, as well as  create customer satisfaction.  The BI Developer  impacts the organization by creating and maintaining the  foundational data and business reporting to support the analysis of  inventory, sales, margin, and profitability data. This role is a  key player in ensuring system structure and operations are  efficient and timely and users have visibility to business trends.  The ideal candidate will align with the brand by bringing creative  thinking and innovation to help drive profitable business  decisions. As west elm grows and expands in new marketplaces and  broadens its footprint, the planning and execution of efficient  operational strategies is crucial to maintaining market leadership  and customer satisfaction.  Essential Functions:Develop and maintain technology systems, platforms, or tools needed to support data and  reporting Oversee the planning and execution of data discovery, extraction, transformation, storage, validation and  testing Design, execute, and schedule queries or transformations to support reporting and dashboard  needs Review systems and propose solutions to create more efficient or productive processes that support end user  needs Create and maintain documentation of data and reporting process, data structure, and project  updates Partner with technology, supply chain, inventory, and finance teams and participate in solution design  sessions  You... Love to work collaboratively in a group, you have an innate willingness to  dig in and contribute with your team Are driven and motivated by the possibilities ahead Think innovation is critical in a business environment and support others in  creative thinking Pride yourself on the quality of work and are a stickler for the details Naturally challenge yourself and others to  grow REQUIREMENTS ANDQUALIFICATIONSQualifications:2+ years of relevant systems development or analysis experience Knowledge of T-SQL, PL/SQL, Teradata SQL, and DB2 Experience with QlikView or QlikSense preferred VBA, R, Python knowledge is a plus Time management and communication skills Proficient in Excel and Microsoft Suite Computer Science or Information Technology degree preferred Benefits: We  offer an extensive benefits package designed to help you grow,  personally and professionally, to care for your family and to build  a secure future. Depending on your position and your location,  here's a look at what you might be eligible for:Competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance; tax-free spending accounts;  same-sex domestic partner benefits; commuter benefits; and  more A 401(k) plan and other investment opportunities Paid vacations, holidays and other time-off programs A generous discount on all Williams Sonoma Inc. brands through multiple shopping channels Cross-brand and cross-function career opportunitiesDiscounts on nearby gyms and other local businesses  This position is not eligible for  visa sponsorship.  This role is not eligible  for relocation assistance.  Williams-Sonoma,  Inc. is an Equal Opportunity  Employer.  Williams-Sonoma, Inc. is an Equal  Opportunity Employer.  Williams-Sonoma, Inc.  will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal  histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San  Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, or other applicable state or local  laws and ordinances."
3125645870 0 93 3 "51 to 200 employees" "IT Services" "$10 to $25 million (USD) per year" " The role of the Data Analyst is also highly collaborative role. The data Analyst works within and across the business in order to understand the businessrsquos functional and data requirements. The Data Analyst with operations and data department senior members in ensuring standards and a collaborative capacity, with key stake holders, in developing detailed business requirement conducting gap analyses, creating business requirement designs. Data Analyst needs to coordinate the data infrastructure, inclusive of data- sourcing, data transformation, data quality, rules execution, reporting and analytics. Identifies, Communicates and endeavors to resolve data gaps that impact the fulfilment of the functional requirements. The Data Analyst also identifies, evaluates, and documents potential data sources in support of project requirements within the assigned business. Responsibilities also include building and operationalize Centre of Excellence processes that ensure timely data-delivery, data quality, production and documentation, Data quality execution, Metrics definition, Maintenance accuracy and relevance of data used within the program. Understand the existing data stores and structures (participate in defining new solutions that meets the business objectives of the program) Work on BRDs (business requirement document) proposing business solutions to given business problems. Regularly interact (in person, email and over phone) with business and technical stake holders locally and globally, including data vendors, for requirement discussions and for developing functional solutions. Ensure asset class protectors across the firm create data quality rules and analyse the data exceptions in a timely manner to ensure proper and facts based reporting to management. Key Skills Poses 7+ years of US based experience of working as a BA preferably in global markets and reference data data analytics domains in a investment Bank or a major global financial services company Data Classification experience Strong Data Modelling experience Strong experience in business analysis and documentation Strong knowledge of Java, SQL on any RDMBS Good Team player"
3126660051 1 155 4.9 "1 to 50 employees" "Computer Hardware & Software" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "ABOUT US Simon Data was founded in 2015 by a team of successful serial entrepreneurs. We're a data-first marketing platform startup, and we approach our work seriously; we tackle problems in a scrappy and disruptive fashion, yet we build for scale to support our clients at big data volume.  We are the first and only enterprise customer data platform with a fully-integrated marketing cloud. Moving beyond the limitations of both categories, Simon's platform empowers businesses to leverage enterprise-scale big data and machine learning to power customer communications in any channel. Simon's unique approach allows brands to develop incredible personalization capabilities without needing to build and maintain massive bespoke data infrastructure.  Our culture is rooted in organizational transparency, empowering individuals, and an attitude of getting things done. If you want to be a valuable contributor on a team that cultivates these core values we would love to hear from you. The Role: Simon data is looking for someone to join us and build out our Business Intelligence function. As a technology, we empower data driven communication, and we're looking to bring on an internal champion of data driven decision making.  This person will work hand in hand with the executive team & functional leaders to make sure the organization has the data and insights it needs to make smart decisions and continuous improvements. You'll create the infrastructure for our budding business intelligence function that will enable our business to track progress against plan and fluctuations over time. You will own our BI system (Looker); you'll work with you data engineering team to transform and bring the appropriate data into the platform, and will be responsible for creating the right data layer and reporting on top of it.  This will be a fascinating opportunity where you'll set up the BI infrastructure for Simon's internal business operations. Phase two will include client performance data to gain a deep understanding of platform ROI. What You'll do:Build and maintain core data analysis infrastructure to enable everyone at Simon to better understand the business through dataOwn our Looker deployment, including data ingestion, data modeling and reportingWork with our data engineering team to ensure the right data is flowing into Looker from our data warehouses and other first-party data sourcesWork with all functional leads to make sure they have the data, insights, and dashboards necessary to improve team performanceWork with our executive team to ensure we're tracking our business' core operating assumptions and have the data necessary to make effective mission-critical decisionsConduct investigative analyses around key areas (e.g. Sales effectiveness and platform margin) to uncover opportunities to improve business performanceQualifications:4-8 years experience in business intelligence and data analysisStrong analytical, statistical, and troubleshooting skillsExperienced with visualization tools like Looker (preferable), Tableau, any statistical / reporting packagesExpert SQL knowledgeBusiness minded we're looking for someone comfortable bridging data analysis & business impactGreat communication and interpersonal skillsResourceful & an eagerness to roll up sleevesWorking understanding of data pipeline development and data warehouse modelingBonus: Experience setting up BI infrastructure (preferably Looker) from scratchBonus: Experience in SaaS and/or sales analyticsBonus: Experience with DBTBonus: Knowledge of Python or other scripting language"
3126971574 0 81 3.7 "201 to 500 employees" "Social Assistance" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " Job Description POSITION SUMMARY Make a direct impact on autism research by facilitating access to data from several large, ongoing autism research studies. In collaboration with project managers and coordinators, perform database queries, prepare analysis and summary reports, and regularly prepare data sets for distribution. Work collaboratively and closely with other data analysts, software engineers and scientists. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONSRESPONSIBILITIES Perform database queries, construct data sets and prepare analysis reports. Prepare and maintain documentation Perform database quality assessments Perform analysis of, and document, business requirements. Assist with application testing and training Perform any other duties or tasks as assigned or required MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Education Master's degree in the sciences, mathematics or related field Required Attributes Minimum 3 years experience with SQL Responsive to multiple concurrent requests Ability to prioritize requests Efficient use of time Attention to detail Work to deadlines Desirable Experience Master's degree or higher in the sciences, mathematics or related field. Experience with database design, management and administration. Experience with computer scripting and programming Experience with human-subjects research and understanding of HIPAA Experience with ticketing systems Experience with statistical-analysis approaches Experience with statistical software in RPython THE SIMONS FOUNDATION'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT Many of the greatest ideas and discoveries come from a diverse mix of minds, backgrounds and experiences, and we are committed to cultivating an inclusive work environment. The Simons Foundation provides equal opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic disposition, neurodiversity, disability, veteran status, or any other protected category under federal, state and local law."
3128725698 0 93 4.1 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Health Care Services & Hospitals" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " Overview  Business Intelligence Developer  At Hospital for Special Surgery our clinicians and scientists collaborate to deliver the most innovative care. Our specialized focus on orthopedics and rheumatology enables us to help patients get back to what they need and love to do reliably and efficiently. Our patients are overwhelmingly satisfied with the care they receive at our facilities. When you join us, you will become part of this legacy of commitment to the most cutting-edge research and coordinated care.  Our ideal candidate must be happy to develop in SQL but more curious about the data itself and what questions its answering. We are looking for enthusiastic Report Writers who have a strong understanding of data pipelines, ready to work hard, and love what they do. They will work collaboratively across the organization with clinical and operational leaders to pull meaningful data from our Electronic Medical Record.  As a Report Writer You Will Write SQL queries to generate reports from our Electronic Medical RecordDevelop report specifications based on user requirements.Work with engineering teams to enhance data delivery & our self-service data toolsWork with a team of analysts and engineers who love to solve data problems Your Technical Skills and Experience Qualifications 2+ years working with SQL ServerCertification in one or more of the Epic Clarity/Caboodle data models2+ years of ETL (SSIS) experienceExperience with SAP tools, WebI and Universe Designer2+ years of Report/Dashboard Visualization experience (e.g. Tableau)Experience in healthcare a plus About You You are passionate about data and exploring new technologiesYou are a critical thinker who loves solving difficult problemsYou are flexible and a natural team player Education and Certifications MS/BS in Computer Science or related field Other Requirements#LI-JL1SDL2017"
3129503372 1 141 3.9 "201 to 500 employees" "Internet" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Type: Full TimeWho we are: We are Dataminr. We deliver real-time, actionable alerts that are derived from vast amounts of publicly available information. Our clients are the first to know about high-impact events and critical breaking information, giving them the opportunity to act faster and stay one step ahead when every second counts. We are a mission-driven company committed to the power of real-time information as a force for good in the world.  Our groundbreaking AI and machine learning technology cuts through the noise in an increasingly complex landscape by detecting, classifying, and determining the significance of public information. Headquartered in NYC, Dataminr has revolutionized the way that global news, finance, public sector, corporate security and PR/communications professionals know and act on critical, relevant information to protect people, assets and brands.  Along the way, we've grown to over 450 talented employees across six global offices, raised over $570 million from leading venture and growth technology investors, and been referred to as the \"super tool of journalists and hedge funds.\" We've received numerous awards and accolades from our clients, including recognition from CNBC as one of the world's 50 most disruptive private technology companies in 2016 and joining Forbes' definitive list of the top 100 private cloud companies in the world, in 2017 and 2018.  A career at Dataminr offers the ability to make a meaningful impact at a rapidly growing tech company with a startup culture, while being supported by the experience of a company founded in 2009. We value ownership, curiosity and drive on an individual level and live these values every day. We empower everyone to have a voice at the table and regularly invest in professional development. Our culture promotes cross team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it enables us to do our best work and have fun. Who you are: You're an experienced and technical Senior Business Intelligence Analyst interested in applying your quantitative skills to challenging questions within a data-intensive, information SAAS business that drives innovation across multiple sectors. You have worked closely with senior executives in a highly analytical role (data analysis and visualization, business or marketing analysis, optimization problems) understanding and refining key metrics and their relationships to measure business success. You develop warm relationships with stakeholders and enjoy helping them understand metric trade-offs as you drive influential decisions forward and create impactful change. You excel when you are extracting meaning from complex and big datasets and you have ample technical experience with optimizing SQL, BI platforms, and using Python and R to transform granular event data into aggregated insights [bonus for experience with Spark, SCALA, Redshift, Vertica or Presto]. You communicate your insights both verbally and visually, you are comfortable managing your own work while juggling multiple priorities in a rapidly-growing organization and you naturally build effective partnerships across organizational and functional boundaries in order to deliver high-quality and impactful results. The opportunity: Data Analysts at Dataminr continuously improve the accuracy and efficiency of our analytics and reporting infrastructure. We drive process optimizations forward and provide an analytical framework for the insights that inform product, marketing, sales, and business decisions across the company. This is an opportunity to shape the next generation of our analytics platform including the evaluation of AI features. You'll work to refine what we measure and how we interpret and use that data to inform business decisions. To do this, you'll use a combination of 3rd party and homegrown BI tooling to transform raw data into meaningful insights informed by best practices in data governance and analytical techniques. You'll identify metrics that enable high quality understanding of the performance of the company's key initiatives and then work with our BI and Analytics Engineers to implement the corresponding custom metrics, dashboards and tooling that measure and track performance. You'll work with individual teams to enhance their use of data to improve efficiencies and you'll continually teach what you learn to others.  In the first month, you'll start off by learning the ropes, spending time with different parts of the company to understand how Dataminr works.get up to speed on our company metrics, our data structures and our BI tooling with overview sessions and deep dives with your team.contribute code to production systems. Within 3 months, you'll: Help to plan new metrics and refinements to existing metrics.share responsibility for BI projects with other members of your team.begin to take more of a role in helping others understand our BI strategy. Within 6 months, you'll: own BI initiatives that impact multiple teams.be influential in helping plan the next iterations of our BI tooling.bring new ideas to our engineering and BI processes to help us improve constantly.The way we work: To maintain our momentum, we need a talented, diverse team of people committed to the idea that real-time information can be a force for good in the world. We take initiative, ownership, and are accountable.We work urgently and thoughtfully and are driven to constantly improve.We share knowledge, consider varied perspectives, and assume positive intent.We are commercially minded and deliver measurable results.We maintain a sense of humor and humility.Our offering of competitive benefits and perks include:Competitive compensation package including company equityCompany paid benefits for employees and their dependents, such as medical, dental, vision, disability and lifeFlexible spending account to be used for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses401(k) savings plan with company matchingGenerous leaveDaily catered lunch and kitchen fully stocked with snacks and beveragesDiscounted Gym MembershipDataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.#LI-ID"
3129732418 0 81 2.6 "10000+ employees" "Home Furniture & Housewares Stores" "$5 to $10 billion (USD) per year" "Requisition Number: WE-14779  Area of Interest: Information Technology  Organization: Corporate  Brand/Division: West Elm  Position Type: Full-time JOB DESCRIPTIONWho we are: Born in Brooklyn. At home in the world. west elm has been helping customers express their personal style at home since the launch of our first catalog in 2002. Our home base is nestled down under the Manhattan Bridge in the DUMBO neighborhood of Brooklyn, NY, right above our flagship store. We are a dynamic, fast-paced brand with an exciting growth strategy. We value imagination, diversity and giving people the opportunity to explore, grow and shape our future. We look for innovative, smart and hard-working individuals who enjoy creative thinking and ingenuity. Help us carry out our mission of being a source of inspiration to our customers, creating a global community and tirelessly seeking ways to evolve our brand.  The Supply Chain Optimization team is responsible for the planning of strategic and operational initiatives to drive sales, inventory, and profit objectives. Operating efficient business processes allows our brand flexibility to continue to be an innovator in the field and create new opportunities for the brand and individuals to grow, as well as create customer satisfaction.  The BI Developer impacts the organization by creating and maintaining the foundational data and business reporting to support the analysis of inventory, sales, margin, and profitability data. This role is a key player in ensuring system structure and operations are efficient and timely and users have visibility to business trends. The ideal candidate will align with the brand by bringing creative thinking and innovation to help drive profitable business decisions. As west elm grows and expands in new marketplaces and broadens its footprint, the planning and execution of efficient operational strategies is crucial to maintaining market leadership and customer satisfaction. Essential Functions:Develop and maintain technology systems, platforms, or tools needed to support data and reportingOversee the planning and execution of data discovery, extraction, transformation, storage, validation and testingDesign, execute, and schedule queries or transformations to support reporting and dashboard needsReview systems and propose solutions to create more efficient or productive processes that support end user needsCreate and maintain documentation of data and reporting process, data structure, and project updatesPartner with technology, supply chain, inventory, and finance teams and participate in solution design sessions You... Love to work collaboratively in a group, you have an innate willingness to dig in and contribute with your teamAre driven and motivated by the possibilities aheadThink innovation is critical in a business environment and support others in creative thinkingPride yourself on the quality of work and are a stickler for the detailsNaturally challenge yourself and others to growREQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONSQualifications:2+ years of relevant systems development or analysis experienceKnowledge of T-SQL, PL/SQL, Teradata SQL, and DB2Experience with QlikView or QlikSense preferredVBA, R, Python knowledge is a plusTime management and communication skillsProficient in Excel and Microsoft SuiteComputer Science or Information Technology degree preferredBenefits: We offer an extensive benefits package designed to help you grow, personally and professionally, to care for your family and to build a secure future. Depending on your position and your location, here's a look at what you might be eligible for: Competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance; tax-free spending accounts; same-sex domestic partner benefits; commuter benefits; and moreA 401(k) plan and other investment opportunitiesPaid vacations, holidays and other time-off programsA generous discount on all Williams Sonoma Inc. brands through multiple shopping channelsCross-brand and cross-function career opportunitiesDiscounts on nearby gyms and other local businesses This position is not eligible for visa sponsorship.  This role is not eligible for relocation assistance.  Williams-Sonoma, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  Williams-Sonoma, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  Williams-Sonoma, Inc. will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, or other applicable state or local laws and ordinances."
3130605992 0 88 4.2 "501 to 1000 employees" "Enterprise Software & Network Solutions" "$100 to $500 million (USD) per year" " Mediaocean is the world’s largest, independent advertising technology company. Our clients include the most successful advertising agencies, media specialists, media owners, and advertisers. Mediaocean’s mission is to enable advertising agencies to leverage the power of technology in a rapidly changing digital landscape. Mediaocean is making this a reality through the creation of global, open and neutral operating systems that will benefit and transform the entire industry.  Job DescriptionMediaocean is searching for a Business Intelligence Associate Product Manager to lead the product life-cycle for Mediaocean's Business Intelligence applications. This is an exciting opportunity to work with customers, prospects, and partners across our business. This position will be located in our New York, New York headquarters.  Responsibilities will include: Lead product lifecycle for Mediaocean’s Business Intelligence applications, covering all phases of developmentWork with customers, prospects and partners to identify market’s data, reporting and analytics needsPartner with Mediaocean’s sales, services, support, development and other stakeholders to drive product developmentConsolidate, rationalize, and prioritize market requirements and client requests into product roadmapsHelp define go-to-market strategy and timeline for product features and enhancementsDesign functional specifications and make feature, resource, and timeline tradeoff decisionsCollaborate closely with engineering leaders and their teams through all stages of product development Skills & Requirements 1-3 years of product management experience building client-facing Business Intelligence applicationsExperience working with engineers to develop and ship new product featuresFamiliarity with at least a few Databases, Data Warehouses, and Reporting or Visualization toolsExcellent oral and written communication, negotiation, and interpersonal skillsBS in Computer Science, Math or other quantitative discipline"
3130795938 1 104 3.6 "501 to 1000 employees" "Internet" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " Zocdoc is seeking an ambitious, detail-oriented individual to work with our Business Intelligence and Product Management teams. You will be responsible for partnering closely with our Product Management teams to define, execute and manage that team's data and analytics strategy. You will use a scientific approach to help teams identify what aspects of their business lines are most important, and how to improve them. This job will not only entail reporting and analysis, but also data-pipeline development and maintenance. What You'll DoCollaborate with business partners to drive their data strategy, which includes; managing KPIs and funnel metrics with associated reporting; deep dive analysis to perform root cause investigations and opportunity sizing; AB test support.Write queries and code to extract relevant data from various platforms.Collaborate with other analysts to maintain our dashboards, ensuring they are up-to-date, accurate, and fair representations of product performance.Automate and streamline existing analytics processes to maximize efficiency.Help ensure that data is accurate and consistent throughout the organization.Train teams how to leverage our data tools and assess whether their conclusions are valid.Work with engineering teams in tracking events that are critical to measuring company performance.Clearly communicate your findings to a range of stakeholders to inform and educate themWhat's Required3+ years experience working with large data sets to extract and surface actionable findings.Degree in engineering, science, statistics, economics, finance or related technical field.Experience communicating to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.Proven track record of forming and executing on high-level business strategy.Advanced Excel skills including pivot tables, macros, charts, functions, and VBA modeling.Proficiency with SQL.Experience with data modeling in Tableau, Looker or data visualization tool.Experience with a Customer Data Platform tool is a plus (mParticle, Segment).Knowledge of Spark or Hive is a plus.MBA is a plus.Experience with Python or R a plus.Experience in Marketing and/or Ad Tech a plus."
3131228758 0 81 3.9 "201 to 500 employees" "Computer Hardware & Software" "$10 to $25 million (USD) per year" " What's next in music is first on SoundCloud. As the worlds largest open audio platform, SoundCloud is powered by a connected community of creators, listeners and curators who share, discover and influence whats new, now and next in music and audio.  At SoundCloud, as an open platform with millions of creators and listeners and several revenue models, we deal with complex questions everyday. To make better informed business decisions, we are looking for a exceptional Business Intelligence Senior Analyst who combines data science excellence with strong business acumen to distill relevant insight from the SC data asset. The role will be based in SoundCloud's New York Office and will be a core part of the Strategy & Research team.  The Role: You will be an integral part in SoundClouds Business Intelligence function to enable a deeper, data-based understanding of the development, trending and dynamics of the companys Creator and Listener business. You will drive sophistication of data-based decision making within the business units. Your work will directly inform strategic thinking across the company and impact, important short, mid-term decisions at middle and senior leadership level.  As Senior Analyst, Business Intelligence you will: Act as a central expert function at the company by designing and implementing our Creator and Listener analysis and reporting frameworks Contribute as expert to strategic projects alongside Strategy and Business teams. Such contributions may include behavioral analyses, designing, running and analyzing experiments Independently run ad-hoc projects to analyze and understand business implications of proposed decisions Build sustainable cross functional relationships across the organization, especially Creator, Listener, Marketing leads, Data Science/Data Platform and Audience Research Feel comfortable using SQL, and occasionally Python, to access data when conducting analyses and building Tableau dashboards What you'll bring to the team: Degree in quantitative field (strong academic track record preferred) 5+ years of experience in leading tech firms, ideally with streaming, subscription and/or advertising background Exceptional analytical skills paired with excellent business judgement Ability to work with large data sets from multiple data sources with excellent SQL skills and some knowledge of Python Experience with Data Warehouse infrastructure BigQuery and concepts as well designing and deploying ETLs in order to transform big data into meaningful business information Strong sense of urgency, attention to detail paired with hands-on approach; Ability to handle complex situations with clarity and confidence and thorough analysis (you do the work!) Strong resiliency and ambition to get things done despite an often-changing market and competitive situation Strong communication/presentation skills with a track record of presenting complex analysis to senior management Excellent ability to build relationships and networks with multiple functions, regions, and at all levels of the organization Excellent stakeholder management skills with both technical and business audiences Must strive to deliver excellent work quality If this sounds like you, then we look forward to reviewing your application.  Diversity at SoundCloud SoundCloud is for everyone. Diversity and open expression are fundamental to our organization they help us build a social platform and global community where anyone can create, discover, and share sounds. We acknowledge the challenges in our industry and strive to develop an inclusive culture where everyone can contribute."
3133390099 0 100 3.9 "10000+ employees" "Health Care Services & Hospitals" "$5 to $10 billion (USD) per year" "NYU Langone Health is a world-class, patient-centered, integrated academic medical center, known for its excellence in clinical care, research, and education. It comprises more than 200 locations throughout the New York area, including five inpatient locations, a children’s hospital, three emergency rooms and a level 1 trauma center. Also part of NYU Langone Health is the Laura and Isaac Perlmutter Cancer Center, a National Cancer Institute¿designated cancer center, and NYU School of Medicine, which since 1841 has trained thousands of physicians and scientists who have helped to shape the course of medical history. For more information, go to nyulangone.org, and interact with us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and Instagram. Position Summary: We have an exciting opportunity to join our team as a BI Developer.  NYU Langone’s Business Intelligence team is responsible for the creation, maintenance, and administration of BI Dashboards, Scorecards, Reports and Analytics for the organization. The Business Intelligence Developer will be a member of this team, and should have a proven track record of successful business intelligence implementations in both design and deployments. Job Responsibilities:Develop and maintain business intelligence applications including operational reports, dashboards, scorecards, and ad hoc reporting.Analyzes data to ensure correct output, troubleshoots issues, and performs unit testing.Creates accurate and comprehensive technical documentation.Commits to deliverables with customers and/or management. Meets project deadlines.Anticipates implementation obstacles. Develops specifications and designs technical systems. Selects tools and methodologies for projects.Participates in systems analysis and design using development, quality assurance and integration methodologies.Makes recommendations towards the development of new code or reuse of existing code.Participates in the full systems life cycle and is responsible for designing, coding, testing, implementing, maintaining and/or supporting application software.Works closely with customers, business analysts, and team members to understand business requirements that drive the analysis and design of quality technical solutions.Minimum Qualifications: To qualify you must have a BS in Computer Science, Business Administration, or equivalent work experience.  7+ years experience developing business intelligence applications.  Strong SQL and database skills.  Strong knowledge of data visualization techniques and dashboard design.  Strong knowledge of Tableau 10.2 and above and experience building dashboards using Tableau.  Knowledge of ETL processes, and data warehousing principles.  Proven track record of implementing business intelligence applications.  Flexibility to work on and learn various technologies a must.  Strong communication skills a must. Preferred Qualifications: SAP Business Objects suite of tools including Universe design, WEBI, and Xcelsius.  Knowledge of and experience with statistical analysis a plus.  Experience with building predictive models using R or SAS a plus.  Experience with Python, JavaScript a plus.  Experience with health care metrics and analytics is preferred but not required. Qualified candidates must be able to effectively communicate with all levels of the organization. NYU Langone Health provides its staff with far more than just a place to work. Rather, we are an institution you can be proud of, an institution where you’ll feel good about devoting your time and your talents.  NYU Langone Health is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sex, sexual orientation, transgender status, gender dysphoria, national origin, age, religion, disability, military and veteran status, marital or parental status, citizenship status, genetic information or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision. We require applications to be completed online.  If you wish to view NYU Langone Health’s EEO policies, please click here. Please click here to view the Federal “EEO is the law” poster or visit https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm for more information. To view the Pay Transparency Notice, please click here."
3133572773 0 85 3.4 "1001 to 5000 employees" "IT Services" "$100 to $500 million (USD) per year" "Job Title: Sr. Data AnalystLocation: Montvale, NJDuration: 6-12+ MonthSkills:Strong SQL skills to query SQL databases.Data Warehouse or Business IntelligenceExtensive experience with Data sourcing.Experience with sourcing from and into Big Data stores is a plus.Experience working with Hadoop is a plus.Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.Experience in data integration and data quality projects.Expertise in SDLC full project life cycle.Ability to communicate technically complex IT concepts to business clients.Project management experience.Ability to multi-task easily and juggle priorities in a fast-paced environment.Proficiency with Microsoft Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Project; SharePoint is a plus).Rashi AgrawalRashi.Agrawal@xoriant.com"
3133963860 0 169 3.4 "51 to 200 employees" "IT Services" "$10 to $25 million (USD) per year" " Title Lead Business Analyst, Business Solutions Mgmt Location New York City, NY Full Time Position Summary The Lead Business Analyst will be responsible for gathering and refining business information requirements that enhance SiriusXM business intelligence capabilities. This person will be required to have in depth knowledge of specific business processes and corresponding information needs. The analyst will interview users in order to establish reporting needs, define key performance indicators and their attributes, assess needs for training, and determine user acceptance criteria for development projects. Duties and Responsibilities bull Assist business staff in the development of business requirements documents, author business requirements when called for. bull Be a resource for other BI solutions team members for projects with complex requirements. bull Help identify and assess potential data sources and flows, and analyze existing Enterprise Data Warehouse structures to determine relevance to business needs. bull Participate in generating high-level solution concepts in consultation with development and quality assurance teams. bull Write functional requirements documents, participate in document reviews with business users and development and quality assurance teams. bull Document test strategies for primary project deliverables, and review test results. bull Maintain in-depth knowledge of evolving Sirius XM data warehouse and BI capabilities, as well as relevant operational, transactional, and financial systems understand full Sirius XM IT application portfolio. bull Maintain an understanding of how the data in the Enterprise Data Warehouse and the business layers built on it relate to important business entities, events and measurements. bull Work cooperatively with analysts and developers during the development life cycle to ensure that business requirements guide the development life cycle. Minimum Qualifications bull Bachelor's degree in information technology or related field, or equivalent, relevant experience. bull At least 8 years of working experience in a variety of technical roles within information technology. bull 5 or more years of experience in business analysis or data analysis roles in a BI environment. Requirements and General Skills bull Strong interpersonal skills. bull Ability to interpret, analyze and solve business problems with information technology solutions. bull Strong analytical and quantitative problem solving skills. bull Excellent verbal and written communication skills. bull Ability to advocate for the needs of business partners. bull Must have legal right to work in the U.S. Technical Skills bull Ability to understand complex sets of business requirements, including inter-relationships, dependencies and priorities. bull Experience authoring technical documents such as business requirements, functional requirements, database design representations, data and systems flow diagrams. bull Experience using data warehouses and analytical tools for business purposes experience with Cognos and Qlikview highly desirable. bull Knowledge of data warehouse architectures and processes. bull Understanding of the features and capabilities of one more DBMS's commonly used in data warehousing such as Oracle, Teradata, SQL Server. bull Proven record of managing the delivery of ongoing enhancements to business intelligence capabilities. bull Expertise developing and applying relational and dimensional data models. bull Understanding of ETL architectures and experience deploying ETL solutions in a data warehousing environment. bull Ability to conceptualize and communicate reporting strategies that address a wide range of information needs. bull Development experience with at least one business intelligence tool such as Microstrategy, Cognos, or Business Objects. bull Thorough knowledge of MS-Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access)."
3135978100 0 76 3.6 "501 to 1000 employees" "Internet" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " Join Zocdoc as a Business Operations and Strategy Associate! In this crucial role, you will provide analytical and operational support to teams across our business to drive growth and improve efficiency. Our team plays a key role in defining Zocdoc's strategy, but our strength is transforming that strategy into a detailed, action-oriented plan upon which our business can execute. Our business is expanding quickly, and we're looking for future leaders.  Business Operations & Strategy Associates typically act as the primary owner of multiple strategic workstreams and/or functions, as well as own and enhance advanced operational processes and analyses. What You'll Do:Problem-solving with individuals at all levels (including executives) across a broad range of departments (e.g., Sales, Marketing, Product, Engineering, Operations, Business Intelligence, Data Science, and Finance)Project management of critical initiativesAnalyzing and cleaning data to develop KPIs, visualizations, and insights which allow us to better target resource investmentsRevenue forecasting and budgeting for Sales teamsDesigning, implementing, and administering incentive structures for Sales teamsBuilding initiatives to improve productivity like pipeline visibility and insights, go-to-market solutioning, and streamlining/simplifying processes and policiesWhat's required:5-7 years of work experience in relevant roles such as business/revenue/sales operations, business intelligence, business analytics, consulting, private equity, venture capital, or investment bankingExtensive experience with and enthusiasm for analytical problem solving Examples include: Market sizing, capacity planning, financial forecasting, pricing sensitivity, survey analysis, inventory management, supply/demand, cost/benefitResourcefulness, nimbleness, and the ability to stay positive under pressureStrong attention to detailAction-oriented attitudeAble to bring structure to ambiguous problemsProven track record of influencing stakeholders, both directly and indirectlyPassion for technology and improving patients' livesProficiency in Microsoft Excel and PowerPointSQL, Redshift, Tableau, Looker, and/or Salesforce.com experience preferredExperience defining business requirements for new processes or tools preferred"
3140103975 0 116 3 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Social Assistance" "$100 to $500 million (USD) per year" "Data Scientist – Machine Learning (New York)We are currently expanding our staff to meet the growing needs of the diamond industry. We offer a great work environment with a comprehensive benefits package: Medical, dental and vision coverage, paid vacation, sick and holidays, 401K with company match, tuition assistance, commuter benefits and more! Job Overview This position is responsible for developing unique solutions that leverage Machine Learning and statistical modeling techniques to scale across the organization in an effort to improve the efficiency and effectiveness on the way business is conducted. Responsibilities • Developing tools and methods to improve the accuracy and efficiency of the laboratory grading process  • Build Machine Learning/AI models that support laboratory grading operations  • Designing models & algorithms (e.g., A/B Testing, Operations Research) to discover relationships throughout the data universe  • Leveraging cloud based platforms (e.g., AWS) to support deployment of scalable solutions  • Using statistical programming tools to perform advanced analytics and visualizations  • Collaborate with gemologists on experiments and statistical analyses for root-cause investigations  • Assist GIA management in understanding the laboratory’s diamond grading capability  • Other duties and responsibilities as assigned or required Who you are (Knowledge, Skills & Abilities) • Master of software design and development using Python  • You hold a B.S. degree in Computer Science, Engineering or STEM related field with 2+ years of relevant industry experience  • Experience with implementing Machine Learning models  • Fluent with analytical programming, including libraries for cleaning, reshaping, exploring and visualizing data  • Capable of operating with a high degree of autonomy to use statistics to identify trends and suggest improvements Disclaimer: This job description indicates in general terms, the type and level of work performed as well as the typical responsibilities of employees in this classification and it may be changed by management at any time. Other duties may also apply. Nothing in this job description changes the at-will employment relationship existing between the Company and its employees."
3147018993 0 113 3.8 "10000+ employees" "Banks & Credit Unions" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" "Job  Title: Data Analytics – Analyst - 90218326Location:  1301 Ave of the Americas, New York, New YorkAbout  Us Barclays  is a transatlantic consumer, corporate and investment bank offering products  and services across personal, corporate and investment banking, credit cards  and wealth management, with a strong presence in our two home markets of the UK  and the US. Our goal is to become the bank of choice by providing superior  services to customers and clients and supporting our stakeholders via a  commercially successful business that generates long-term sustainable returns.  About Barclays in the US  Barclays offers corporate  and investment banking and credit card services in the US. Our 10,000 US  colleagues are located in offices across the country, with headquarters in New  York City. In 2017, Barclays announced plans to create a world-class campus in  Whippany, New Jersey, for our Technology, Operations and Functional teams in  the US. Other principal locations include Delaware, Nevada, Ohio and Maine.  About Barclays Internal Audit  Barclays Internal Audit  (BIA) Vision: Leaders in Assurance  ·  Be  Brilliant: Leading edge assurance; Leading edge people; Leading edge thinking  ·  Be  Impactful: In the business; In the community and In the profession  ·  Be  Agile: Be independent, a respected voice, innovative and efficient.  BIA  Overview: BIA aims to provide  independent, reliable, valued, insightful and timely assurance to the Board and  executive management over the effectiveness of governance, risk management and  control over current and evolving risks, in the context of the current and  expected business environment and in accordance with the international  standards definition of internal auditing.  Overall Purpose of role  Work collaboratively with others across  BIA, while developing strong client relationships which are independent and be  seen as a respected voice. Develop  practical and innovative ways of improving audit delivery through the use of data  analytics. Your  Role ·  Develop  sustainable and re-useable Data Analytics test to improve the efficiency of BIA  and to improve audit coverage.  ·  Support  audit delivery teams to identify opportunities for Data Analytics.  ·  Provide  training to audit staff on how to develop and execute basic analytics.  ·  Maintain  a library of re-usable data analytics.  ·  Maintain  appropriate documentation of code and create data dictionary including  definitions (where appropriate).  ·  Build  self-service tools/dashboards/warehouse/data lakes. Maintain common data used  by audit delivery teams.  ·  Assist  with data cleaning and preparation for audit delivery teams. Basic  Qualifications/Skills · 2  years’ practical experience and expert level knowledge of data analysis with  any RDBMS/SQL.  · 1  years’ Data Analysis/Mining/Scripting experience R/Python/SAS.  · 1  years’ Data Visualization experience in Python  Django/Tableau/Spotfire/Qlikview/d3.js. Preferred  Qualifications/Skills ·  Experience  with advanced analytics/Machine learning (Decision  Trees/Clustering/HMM/Tensorflow).  ·  Experience  in data warehouse design, Informatica, Unix.  ·  Analytics  experience within an internal/external audit or risk management function.  ·  Degree  in Computer Science / Statistics or related discipline.  ·  Knowledge  about new and emerging data analytics technologies.  ·  Experience  with Financial Services/Financial Products. Risk and  Control Objective All Barclays  colleagues have to ensure that all activities and duties are carried out in  full compliance with regulatory requirements, Enterprise Wide Risk Management  Framework and internal Barclays Policies and Policy Standards. Your Application To be  considered for this role, click on the apply button now. Barclays  Values & Diversity Dynamic working gives  everyone at Barclays the opportunity to integrate professional and personal  lives, if you have a need for flexibility then please discuss this with the  hiring manager. We are an equal  opportunity employer and we are opposed to discrimination on any grounds. It is  the policy of Barclays to ensure equal employment opportunity without  discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, colour, creed, religion,  national origin, alienage or citizenship status, age, sex, sexual orientation,  gender identity or expression, marital or domestic/civil partnership status,  disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected  by law."
3147855371 0 103 4 "201 to 500 employees" "IT Services" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Business / Data Analyst - HealthcareLocation: Newark, NJDuration: 6+ MonthsRequired Skills / ExperienceBachelors Degree and 5+ years of relevant IT experience2+ Years of Healthcare experience Experience with Healthcare data formats such as X12, HL7, NCPDP, etcExtremely strong SQL skills are required Experience with Data Quality & Data Profiling metrics and tools Knowledge and experience with Data Governance processes Ability to develop complex SQL in an Oracle, Netezza, SAS, Teradata and/or other MPP platformsEnd user experience with Informational Delivery tools such as, Cognos, Microstrategy, Tableau, and QlikviewExcellent written and oral communication skills, with a proven ability to distill complex business issues into easily understandable terms for a variety of audiencesMust be local to Newark, NJ or willing to relocate"
3148072113 0 87 3.7 "10000+ employees" "Computer Hardware & Software" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Companies are the backbone of the stock and bond markets. Bloomberg Intelligence (\"BI\") conducts in-depth research on large and midsize companies to help stock and bond investors effectively evaluate those companies. We analyze the unique attributes of each business, how it competes against other companies in its industry and how the business strategies and successes translate into financial results. Our analysts also research the technology, regulation, litigation and economies that will shape the environment for these companies and the related industry impact.  BI research is a combination of written analysis accompanied by interactive charting and analytics created from company reported data as well as industry and government data. Analysts review, check and curate this data into comprehensive and logically arranged dashboards to support their own research and to provide Bloomberg Terminal users a platform to view and analyze the data as well.  You would be part of this fast-growing team responsible for determining the impact of government legislation, contracts, regulations, and litigation on industry, companies and financial markets.What's the role?Identify and monitor key litigation that have potential to impact business and the markets over issues relating to intellectual propertySearch and track meaningful docketsHelp research and maintain Bloomberg's Litigation Watch listsBuild and maintain database of court local rules and court statisticsSupport Bloomberg Industries analysts in the creation of breaking analysis of court decisions as well as contemplative analysis of ongoing and related litigationIdentify, support and maintain critical litigation-related data and functionality on the Bloomberg terminalYou'll need to have:Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Science or related field preferredJD preferredBiotech/Pharma experience required2 or more years of U.S. patent prosecution and litigation support experienceKnowledge of dockets, U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, World Intellectual Property and European Patent Office databasesCopyright, trademark experience a plusStrong writing skills are criticalExcellent oral communication and presentation skillsDemonstrable research and analytical skillsData analysis experience, such as Excel masteryStrong organization skills and capable of handling multiple projectsCommitment to enhancing and developing productsAbility to meet deadlines, logically tackle problems and set prioritiesMust be willing to travel to regional offices as neededKnowledge of federal and state court rules a plusWorking knowledge of Bloomberg Professional service a plus. If this sounds like you:Apply if you think we're a good match and we'll get in touch with you to let you know next steps. In the meantime, check outhttp://www.bloomberg.com/professional/bloomberg-intelligence/.  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status."
3148142297 0 90 3.1 "10000+ employees" "Insurance Carriers" "$10+ billion (USD) per year" " ProfessionalPosition Purpose: Responsible for analytic data needs of the business unit. Handle complex data projects and acts as a lead for other Data Analysts.  Provide advanced analytical support for business operations in all or some of the following areas: claims, provider data, member data, clinical data, HEDIS, pharmacy, external reporting Extract, load, model, and reconcile large amounts of data across multiple system platforms and sources Review data to determine operational impacts and needed actions; elevate issues, trends, areas for improvement and opportunities to management. Develop reports and deliverables for management Model data using MS Excel, Access, SQL, and/or other data ware house analytical tools Ensure compliance with federal and state deliverable reporting requirements by performing data quality audits and analysis. Assist with training and mentoring other Data Analysts. Education/Experience: Bachelors degree in related field or equivalent experience. 4+ years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience. Healthcare experience preferred. Advanced knowledge of Enterprise Reporting and Analysis tools, SQL, and Microsoft Office applications, including Excel and Access. Experience managing projects or heavy involvement in project implementation. HEDIS: Bachelors degree related field or equivalent experience. 4+ years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience or 2-4 years of HEDIS data analysis experience including measurement and rates impacted. Advanced knowledge of Business Intelligence Tools, SQL, and Microsoft Applications, including Excel and Access. BUSINESS ANALYTICS:: Bachelors degree in related field or equivalent experience. 4+ years of statistical analysis or 2+ years of related IT experience, including data warehouse, coding or ETL experience. Healthcare experience preferred. Advanced knowledge of Enterprise Reporting and Analysis tools, SQL, and Microsoft Office applications, including Excel and Access. Experience managing projects or heavy involvement in project implementation. Encounters experience preferred. Data Governance: Bachelors degree in related field or equivalent experience. 4+ years of data analysis or 2+ years of related IT experience, including data warehouse. Healthcare experience preferred. Advanced knowledge of, Microsoft Office applications, including Excel and Access. Experience managing projects or heavy involvement in project implementation. HRIS Bachelors degree in related field or equivalent experience. 4+ years of related IT experience and/or data analysis experience, including 2+ years experience with HRMS such as PeopleSoft, SAP or Workday. Healthcare experience preferred. Advanced knowledge of Enterprise Reporting and Analysis tools, SQL, and Microsoft Office applications, including Excel and Access. Strong understanding of HRMS database design, structure, functions and processes, and experience with databases tools. Supports HR systems as functional administrator evaluating new release functionality to include testing and implementation of new functionality. Experience managing projects or heavy involvement in project implementation.  Centene is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity, and values the ways in which we are different. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other characteristic protected by applicable law."
3148146771 0 160 3.1 "10000+ employees" "Membership Organizations" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "About the Mission The Engagement mission is responsible for delivering technology that builds intelligent environments and connected, consciously-engineered communities for every space in the world. Our team is interested in increasing lifetime value, satisfaction productivity, and building engaging community models in smart environments. We create delightful experiences that encourage connection and community. About the Role WeWork is looking for an experienced Operations Manager with a strong project management and process background in the digital space to lead the operations efforts for Engagement. The person in this role would responsible for establishing internal mission processes, ensuring effective communication, establishing best practices, participating in the establishment of goals, tracking and reporting goals, leading special projects, etc. in an effort to maximize the efficiency and facilitate the growth of the mission. This role reports directly to the Mission Leads (VPs) who will partner with them to determine how best to strategically set the mission up for success. Excellent project management, communication, issue resolution and process development skills are required. The ideal candidate must thrive in fast-paced environments and be able to manage through ambiguity and complexity, support multiple, simultaneous projects, and have excellent organizational skills. Primary ResponsibilitiesDevelop and execute against a cross-mission communication planEstablish and execute against a quarterly objectives/goals processParticipate in the establishing of tracking, and reporting of quarterly and annual mission goalsTake on special projects related to the mission to support growth or resolve existing challengesParticipate in setting the overall strategy, especially with regard to operations, of the mission with mission leadsPartner with the Technology Operations team to ensure they have the necessary information they need for budgets, headcount planning, strategic planning, etc.Partner with the Mission Coordinator to ensure flawless execution of operational and administrative effortsWork with Mission Leads to prepare for presentations, executive meetings, and team meetingsOwn the logistics of Mission all-hands meetings in partnership with the Mission CoordinatorDevelop and maintain onboarding program for new hiresEnsure an efficient interviewing and hiring process for the missionDefine processes to be used across the mission to ensure consistencyEnsure the team has the tools and workspace to be successfulPlan projects and track milestonesMeasure improvements and the impact of changeBasic Qualifications5 - 6+ years of experience as the operations lead or project manager for a technical/digital team or organizationBachelors degreeExperience in a technology product environmentExperience in high growth environmentsAbility to adapt to changes in priority and quickly determine the necessary adjustments in process and plansHigh degree of organization and ability to manage multiple, competing projects and priorities simultaneouslyAbility to think strategically and execute methodicallyExcellent communication (verbal and written) and collaboration skills that will enable you to earn trust at all levelsProven experience managing projects, budgets, and processApply now!"
3148420310 0 112.18 4.3 "501 to 1000 employees" "Computer Hardware & Software" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Who we are:Here at Sisense we disrupt the Business Intelligence market. Our product allows business users to analyze BIG data with no help from the IT department. How? By building on a set of unique and cutting edge technologies, wrapped up in a killer product.What are we looking for?We are looking for an experienced Enterprise Customer Success Manager to manage the post-sales relationship for assigned enterprise accounts, for building customer loyalty and satisfaction, consistent with revenue retention and growth objectives.What will you do?Manage the post-sales relationship for accounts by serving as the primary client contact and advocate for day to day and escalated issues and request.Establish and maintain customer satisfaction across accounts through account planning, proactive client communications, issue remediation and containment and performance measurement.Protect existing revenue streams, identify and neutralize competitive threatsActively farm existing account base to identify new solutions or service opportunities and provide valuable account information and insight to support sales.Build and execute an account specific relationship framework inclusive of regularly scheduled status calls, quarterly business reviews, account documentation, reference management and account planning sessionsLeverage internal subject matter experts to help customers optimize their investment, ensure program objectives are being met and measure the value of the solution to their organizations.Coordinate activities and provide leadership on directions of key projects, initiatives and issues across internal business units.Conduct regular briefings on account status to senior management and other internal stakeholdersRequirements: What should you have?5+ years experience in account management/ client relationship support role5+ years of experience with IT infrastructure and application supportPrevious experience working successfully with quarterly targets Extensive use of SQL and RDBMS systems (DB2, Oracle, SQL Server, ect.)Proven track record of successfully building and nurturing multi-level client relationshipsSuccess oriented attitude with focus on customer delightAbility to forecast churn and upgrades for account baseAbility to tailor message formats and content based on audience Ability to lead and develop clear and creative solutions to complex issues while managing multiple initiatives simultaneouslyComfortable dealing with complex customer relationships, decision processes and competing agendas Bachelor's degree and willingness to travel up to 50%Advantage:Experience with NoSQL databases such as MongoDB or HadoopSpanish speaking Experience with implementation of BI projects as well as ETL and BI tools such as; Informatica, SSIS, SSRS, BusinessObjects, Cognos, Qlikview or TableauSisense is an Equal Opportunity Employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, military service eligibility, veteran status, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, or any other protected class. We only care that you embody the Sisense DNA which is Teamwork, a \"Can-Do\" Attitude, Drive to Win, Creativity and the Fight to help our clients succeed. Group: CSMPosition Type: New"
3148913858 1 136 3.7 "201 to 500 employees" "Gift, Novelty & Souvenir Stores" "$10 to $25 million (USD) per year" " ABOUT THE ROLE  Analytics works with numerous departments across UncommonGoods to turn data into insights, including Marketing, Merchandising, Operations, Product Management, and Purchasing. This includes everything from generating ad hoc reports to designing tests to building predictive models. As a data scientist, you'll play a key role in ensuring that business decisions are made with the best information possible.  ABOUT YOU  You know that the best, most thorough analysis is only valuable if you can communicate the results. You enjoy collaborating on projects because you know it will work out better than going it alone. You want to work at a company where doing good is as valued as doing well.  ABOUT US  UncommonGoods offers remarkable designs by independent makers, and we do it with a positive impact on people and our planet. Learn more about our products, B Corp certification, Better To Give program, and cool team members you might be working with. Check out more about all the Good Stuff we do at UncommonGoods!  RESPONSIBILITIES Collaborate with Marketing and Product Management to design and implement AB tests.Develop, test, and deploy predictive models for customer behavior and inventory management.Carry out every step of analyses from querying initial data to communicating final results.  SKILLS & QUALIFICATIONSRequired:A background in statistics or a similar quantitative field and Bachelor's degreeProficiency with one or more programming languages used in statistics and data science such as R and SQLExperience working with real world data setsAbility to communicate technical concepts and insights to a non-technical audienceBonus:Experience with Git version controlProficiency with basic unix/linux command line functionsAdvanced degree in a quantitative fieldExperience with BI platforms such as Tableau  COMPANY PERKSRobust benefits package with generous PTO, 401(k) with company match, and paid family leaveStock optionsCasual work atmosphere, company snacks, lunches, and team events40% discount on our products  To apply, please submit the followingResumeCover Letter(optional) Examples of past work such as: a.) Papers, blog posts, or other publications  b.) Links to Github or other code repositories."
3149310670 0 87 3.7 "10000+ employees" "Computer Hardware & Software" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "EducationBachelor's DegreeSkillsAnalysis SkillsData Analysis Apply Now  Companies are the backbone of the stock and bond markets. Bloomberg Intelligence ('BI') conducts in-depth research on large and midsize companies to help stock and bond investors effectively evaluate those companies. We analyze the unique attributes of each business, how it competes against other companies in its industry and how the business strategies and successes translate into financial results. Our analysts also research the technology, regulation, litigation and economies that will shape the environment for these companies and the related industry impact.  BI research is a combination of written analysis accompanied by interactive charting and analytics created from company reported data as well as industry and government data. Analysts review, check and curate this data into comprehensive and logically arranged dashboards to support their own research and to provide Bloomberg Terminal users a platform to view and analyze the data as well.  You would be part of this fast-growing team responsible for determining the impact of government legislation, contracts, regulations, and litigation on industry, companies and financial markets.  What's the role?  Identify and monitor key litigation that have potential to impact business and the markets over issues relating to intellectual property  Search and track meaningful dockets  Help research and maintain Bloomberg's Litigation Watch lists  Build and maintain database of court local rules and court statistics  Support Bloomberg Industries analysts in the creation of breaking analysis of court decisions as well as contemplative analysis of ongoing and related litigation  Identify, support and maintain critical litigation-related data and functionality on the Bloomberg terminal You'll need to have: Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Science or related field preferred  JD preferred  Biotech/Pharma experience required  2 or more years of U.S. patent prosecution and litigation support experience  Knowledge of dockets, U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, World Intellectual Property and European Patent Office databases  Copyright, trademark experience a plus  Strong writing skills are critical  Excellent oral communication and presentation skills  Demonstrable research and analytical skills  Data analysis experience, such as Excel mastery  Strong organization skills and capable of handling multiple projects  Commitment to enhancing and developing products  Ability to meet deadlines, logically tackle problems and set priorities  Must be willing to travel to regional offices as needed  Knowledge of federal and state court rules a plus  Working knowledge of Bloomberg Professional service a plus. If this sounds like you: if you think we're a good match and we'll get in touch with you to let you know next steps. In the meantime, check out **************************************************************  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.  Apply Now"
3151521206 0 139 3.7 "10000+ employees" "Computer Hardware & Software" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Human Resources Business PartnerNew York, NYPosted Mar 14, 2019 - Requisition No. 74177 Apply NowYour friends all know you as the problem solver- the person they go to when they need advice. You work well under pressure and you thrive in a team environment. Discretion is something which comes naturally to you, and you're able to find that perfect balance between professional and personable. You love dealing with people, and you're that person who knows what customer service really means.Our Team:People are Bloomberg's most critical assets and ensuring their success through measurement of individual performance is the key to our success. As part of our HR Business Partner team, you will foster a strong professional relationship with our business to maximize the success of our employees in the organization. You will spearhead the design and delivery of people and organizational development strategies in support of our strategic and operational plans. You will partner with teams across the region to advocate for continuous organizational performance improvement. You will solve complex problems while being \"hands on\" on all other aspects of the role. We are trusted advisers on all HR issues and are partners to the business in hiring, developing and retaining the best talent. We are a creative and visionary team working with the desire to achieve one goal: Success. In this role, you will be part of the team that supports Global Supply Chain and the Chief Risk and Compliance Office, with full responsibility supporting the senior leaders within the department.What’s in it for you: Own and deliver exciting strategic projects, everything from workforce-related efforts, change management, organizational design, implementation of new performance metrics and career developmentYou will lead the delivery of all HR services to internal client groups and drive outstanding business -performancePartner closely with business leaders to drive the human capital agenda, consult on critical talent decisions and achieve operational excellence for the businessWe’ll trust you to:Understand the vision, purpose and strategy of a business and how this aligns with HR strategiesDrive results based on business goals and strategies, by defining and executing specific people-focused initiativesUse data, metrics and internal/external trends to arrive at insights and structure HR projects and activitiesDesign and execute HR initiatives that make the organization more effective, e.g., talent acquisition, retention strategies and employee developmentBuild credible relationships with key management, business stakeholders and peers globally by combining commercial and HR expertise to add value to the businessCoach managers in order to better manage their business, develop their people and drive business resultsProvide advice and challenge managers on how to effectively manage change within the organization, such as department reorganizations, and leadership changes, role restructuringManage a wide range of stakeholders across HR and internal clients to achieve flawless execution of HR initiatives and annual processSupport clients in the execution of evaluation and compensation processDisplay confidence, emotional intelligence and decisivenessYou need to have:Experience in a HR Generalist/Human Resources Business Partnering roleDemonstrated expertise and experience serving in a consultative capacity to senior business leaders, crafting organizational strategy, goals and alignmentExperience collaborating with various HR disciplines including compensation, recruiting, employee relations and talent managementAbility to execute firm-wide talent initiatives with excellence in a dynamic, global collaborative environment; dedication to innovation and continuous improvementDemonstrated expertise building consensus on a cross-functional basisAbility to use HR reporting & analytics in generating insights and presenting findings back to the business, as well as tracking and disseminating key HR dataExperience managing a variety of employee relations issuesFacilitation skills, including fostering creativity in solution designBA/BS degreeWe’d love to see:Experience (or education + aspiration) in career development / implementing career programsCertifications and course work in specific areas of HR expertise, including coaching skills If this sounds like you:Apply! If we believe you're a good match, we'll get in touch with you to let you know the next steps.Why Bloomberg?Bloomberg is committed to diversity. It drives our innovation. At Bloomberg, you'll have the opportunity to go above and beyond and to take risks. You'll be a part of an organization that is entering new markets, launching new ventures, and pushing boundaries. Our ever-expanding array of technology, data, news, and media services champions innovation and empowers clients -- and offers nearly limitless opportunities for career growth.  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Apply Now"
3155958739 1 148 3.8 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " MI Data - Insights is a research group at Point72 that focuses on combining alternative research methods with fundamental equity research to determine key business drivers and points of inflection for publicly traded companies. The group includes experienced and entry-level analysts from fundamental and quantitative backgrounds. When you join our team, you will have the opportunity to enjoy career opportunities based on performance. What you’ll do This person will focus on combining alternative research methods with fundamental equity research to determine key business drivers and points of inflection for publicly traded companies. You will gain knowledge and exposure to a face-paced, dynamic, and collaborative environment. What’s requiredTop academic credentials with a degree in a quantitative disciplineUnderstanding or interest in equity marketsExperience conducting independent researchExperience leveraging data analysis tools to improve the research processAn analytical mindset, ability to think creatively, intellectually curiousAbility to work in a high pressure, fast paced environmentTechnical programming skills (SQL, Python, R) are a plusAn ideal candidate would have:2-4 years of experience in an analytical or research role working with Telecomunications, Media, Television and or Consumer Data is a PLUS!We take care of our people We invest in our people, their careers, their health, and their well-being. We want you to concentrate on success and leave the rest to us. When you work here, we provide: Fully-paid health care benefitsGenerous parental and family leave policiesMental and physical wellness programsTuition assistanceA 401(k) savings program with an employer match and more"
3160735486 1 96.559 3.5 "201 to 500 employees" "Consulting" "$10 to $25 million (USD) per year" "Microsoft Azure – Experience with Machine Learning Studio, HD InsightProficient in R with hands on python experienceTableau Certification is a mustHands on experience with machine learning, data visualization, statistical modeling, data mining and information retrievalStrong analytical thinking and in-depth understanding of key business detailsExperience with command-line scripting, data structures and algorithms and ability to work with SQL Server, processing large amounts of data in a cloud environmentMasters Degree is required with excellent communication skills"
3176838268 0 100 3.9 "10000+ employees" "Health Care Services & Hospitals" "$5 to $10 billion (USD) per year" "NYU Langone Health is a world-class, patient-centered, integrated academic medical center, known for its excellence in clinical care, research, and education. It comprises more than 200 locations throughout the New York area, including five inpatient locations, a children’s hospital, three emergency rooms and a level 1 trauma center. Also part of NYU Langone Health is the Laura and Isaac Perlmutter Cancer Center, a National Cancer Institute¿designated cancer center, and NYU School of Medicine, which since 1841 has trained thousands of physicians and scientists who have helped to shape the course of medical history. For more information, go to nyulangone.org, and interact with us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and Instagram. Position Summary: We have an exciting opportunity to join our team as a BI Developer.  NYU Langone’s Business Intelligence team is responsible for the creation, maintenance, and administration of BI Dashboards, Scorecards, Reports and Analytics for the organization. The Business Intelligence Developer will be a member of this team, and should have a proven track record of successful business intelligence implementations in both design and deployments. Job Responsibilities:Develop and maintain business intelligence applications including operational reports, dashboards, scorecards, and ad hoc reporting.Analyzes data to ensure correct output, troubleshoots issues, and performs unit testing.Creates accurate and comprehensive technical documentation.Commits to deliverables with customers and/or management. Meets project deadlines.Anticipates implementation obstacles. Develops specifications and designs technical systems. Selects tools and methodologies for projects.Participates in systems analysis and design using development, quality assurance and integration methodologies.Makes recommendations towards the development of new code or reuse of existing code.Participates in the full systems life cycle and is responsible for designing, coding, testing, implementing, maintaining and/or supporting application software.Works closely with customers, business analysts, and team members to understand business requirements that drive the analysis and design of quality technical solutions.Minimum Qualifications: To qualify you must have a BS in Computer Science, Business Administration, or equivalent work experience.  7+ years experience developing business intelligence applications.  Strong SQL and database skills.  Strong knowledge of data visualization techniques and dashboard design.  Strong knowledge of Tableau 10.2 and above and experience building dashboards using Tableau.  Knowledge of ETL processes, and data warehousing principles.  Proven track record of implementing business intelligence applications.  Flexibility to work on and learn various technologies a must.  Strong communication skills a must. Preferred Qualifications: SAP Business Objects suite of tools including Universe design, WEBI, and Xcelsius.  Knowledge of and experience with statistical analysis a plus.  Experience with building predictive models using R or SAS a plus.  Experience with Python, JavaScript a plus.  Experience with health care metrics and analytics is preferred but not required. Qualified candidates must be able to effectively communicate with all levels of the organization. NYU Langone Health provides its staff with far more than just a place to work. Rather, we are an institution you can be proud of, an institution where you’ll feel good about devoting your time and your talents.  NYU Langone Health is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sex, sexual orientation, transgender status, gender dysphoria, national origin, age, religion, disability, military and veteran status, marital or parental status, citizenship status, genetic information or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision. We require applications to be completed online.  If you wish to view NYU Langone Health’s EEO policies, please click here. Please click here to view the Federal “EEO is the law” poster or visit https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm for more information. To view the Pay Transparency Notice, please click here."
3176843623 0 92 3.9 "10000+ employees" "Health Care Services & Hospitals" "$5 to $10 billion (USD) per year" "NYU School of Medicine is one of the nation’s top-ranked medical schools. For 175 years, NYU School of Medicine has trained thousands of physicians and scientists who have helped to shape the course of medical history and enrich the lives of countless people. An integral part of NYU Langone Health, the School of Medicine at its core is committed to improving the human condition through medical education, scientific research, and direct patient care. For more information, go to med.nyu.edu, and interact with us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.  Department: Institute for Innovations in Medical Education  Reports to: Director  Direct Patient Caregiver: No A Technical Business Analyst is sought for the Division of Educational Informatics (DEI) within the Institute for Innovations in Medical Education (IIME) at NYU Langone Health. IIME drives world-class technology and informatics-based innovations in teaching, learning, evaluation, and assessment at the undergraduate, graduate and continuing medical education levels. Position Summary:  The Business Analyst engages stakeholders across the education mission and helps them to define, validate, and document business requirements, mapping them to potential technology based solutions. The candidate will ultimately help to provide high-quality solutions and  deliverables within defined timelines, collaborating closely with technical implementation teams throughout the systems development life cycle. This translates into well-engineered, tested, and deployed business application systems. He/she will be responsible for developing project proposals, plans, timelines and resource estimates. The candidate will also be responsible for supporting the development of training and implementation material, participating in implementation, and providing post-implementation support.  This position will report to the Director of the Division of Educational Informatics. General Responsibilities: • Reviews, analyzes and evaluates business systems within the NYU Langone Health education mission as well as user needs for education IT projects and initiatives.  • Determines operational objectives by studying business functions and gathering information.  • Understands the needs of multiple stakeholders across the education mission.  • Leads discussions with project stakeholders to determine and document project and application requirements. Facilitates the negotiation of requirements among multiple stakeholders as needed. Defines scope and objectives and formulates systems that support overall business strategies.  • Develops the design and functional specifications, produces deliverables related to the project(s) assigned and assists in post-implementation support and system enhancements.  • Responsible for gathering, compiling and synthesizing information with regard to technology processes or systems.  • Analyzes a chain of events and applies technical knowledge following established procedures and/or detailed specifications.  • Troubleshoots problems in their area of expertise and escalates as appropriate and needed. Specific Duties: • Facilitates design sessions with the implementation team to define solutions.  • Delivers elements of systems design, including data migration rules, business rules, wireframes and other deliverables. Constructs workflow charts and diagrams.  • Identifies project milestones, phases and elements; forms project teams; monitors project budget when applicable. Monitors project progress by tracking activity, resolving problems, and publishing progress reports. Recommends actions for project owners and sponsors.  • Prepares technical reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing information and trends.  • Reviews user stories, system requirements, business rules and scenario documentation to verify they meet business requirements. Determines prioritization of functional scope and works with team members to set Agile sprint plans and release schedules.  • Manages stakeholder needs and expectations.  • Communicates effectively, both verbally and in writing, in one-to-one and group settings.  • Other duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications and Skills • Bachelor’s degree and 4 or more years of work experience in higher education setting or equivalent experience in complex organizations  • Experience applying technology in a business setting  • Ability to organize and manage large amounts of detailed information  • Detail oriented, analytical and inquisitive  • Ability to work independently and with others  • Excellent written and oral communication skills • Ability to solve problems creatively and effectively  • Strong teamwork and collaboration skills  • Comfort in a fast-paced, dynamic environment with multiple stakeholders  • Ability to support multiple initiatives simultaneously, prioritize work to meet and/or  exceed established service levels Preferred Qualifications • QA or developer background  • Demonstrated knowledge and experience with project management  • Demonstrated knowledge of business process analysis and improvement methodologies  • Proficiency or experience with Business Intelligence software (Tableau)  • Proficiency or experience with Jira Working Conditions/Physical Demands Business office setting."
3181751318 1 151.355 4.2 "51 to 200 employees" "Enterprise Software & Network Solutions" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " Schoology, one of the fastest growing education technology companies, brings together the best K-12 learning management system with assessment management to improve student performance, foster collaboration, and personalize learning. Millions of students, faculty and administrators from over 60,000 K-12 schools worldwide use Schoology to advance what is possible in education.  Working at Schoology offers you a chance to help solve the most important challenges in education in an environment that's fun, collaborative and innovative. We are looking for smart, creative individuals who are passionate about education and aren't afraid to show it. Why We Need You: As a key leader in the Revenue Operations Insights team, you will be responsible for articulating some of Schoology's most important business questions - using mathematical techniques and data visualization to paint a clear picture back to the business. You'll work with partners and senior leaders from across the company (Sales, Marketing, Client Success, Product, and more) to interpret data and provide actionable insights that directly inform the day to day decision-making driving Schoology's success. Your activities will involve strategic analysis, business model analysis, systems analysis and process analysis. As a Business Intelligence Manager, you will: Gain an understanding of the underlying systems that contribute to the business, and then leverage those sources to provide actionable data insights to stakeholdersPerform strategic analysis of business model optimizations and opportunitiesCreate scalable and well organized business dashboards, driving the conversation around key performance indicators and business strategyDevelop case studies and assess the validity of new business plans or strategiesDefine requirements for success or requirements for new businesses or productsWe're looking for someone who fits this profile:Comfortable working with non-technical users to understand business problems and map abstract problems to data that can be used to solve them.Possesses strong written and verbal communication skills, and close attention to detailEnjoys converting analyses into visual stories tailored to the needs of the audienceExcited to be working on and communicating within a fast-paced, dynamic teamBoth team-oriented and self-motivated, with a success-driven, roll-up-your-sleeves attitudeTo succeed in this position, you will have experience with:Data extraction, manipulation and blending across different data sources (e.g. Salesforce, Pendo, Marketo, Google Analytics, Amazon Web Service, etc)Using BI tools to build accurate and dynamic/scalable dashboardsVisualization tools such as Tableau, Looker, Datorama, or other similar toolsWriting SQL queries against databases for data extractionAdvanced proficiency in Excel/Google SheetsDeep-dive data analyses to make decisions on new business opportunities and products*Bonus* experience with statistical software (e.g. Python, R)All team members at Schoology are expected to embody our core values which are Passion, Collaboration, Innovation, Curiosity and Integrity.Our mission is to continuously advance what is possible in education. You in?Schoology is an Equal Opportunity Employer and embraces diversity of every kind."
3186303840 0 126.154 4.2 "201 to 500 employees" "Membership Organizations" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "About the Company:Industrious is the largest premium flexible workspace provider in the U.S. with over 65 locations in more than 35 U.S. cities. Its Workplace Experience platform, which pairs thoughtfully-designed spaces with hospitality-driven services and amenities, has reshaped the concept of coworking into a scalable solution for companies of all sizes and stages. Since its founding in 2013, Industrious has helped thousands of companies scale their businesses while maintaining the highest NPS scores in the industry.As we shape the future of workplace experience, we're looking for motivated, thoughtful, and collaborative people who are excited to join a high-growth, warm, and welcoming team. For more information, please visit www.industriousoffice.com/careers. About the Role: At Industrious, product is everything. Our product is the experience of our customers, from the moment they learn about us to the day they leave. Our product is the physical design of our spaces, the walls we put up, the breakfast bar in the cafe, the couches in our common areas. Our product is the website people use to find us and the digital tools we provide once they're a member. The Product Team is responsible for setting the vision and strategy for our suite of products that elevate the workplace experience and drive business outcomes. And we're just getting started. The Product Manager will be responsible for creating and iterating on our flexible workplace platform, including our national network of coworking spaces. You will report to the VP of Product, working closely with business stakeholders and clients to seek out new ideas that solve real problems. As an early member of our team, you will have the opportunity to touch and influence every aspect of product development and innovate on what it means to deliver a great day at work. Who You Are:You are a highly entrepreneurial Product Manager with a demonstrable passion for building customer-facing products in the built world.You have a track record of shipping products that not only have high adoption and customer satisfaction rates, but meet or exceed economic success metrics.You are adept at prioritization, even in the face of multiple conflicting or ambiguous inputs.You are a creative problem solver, using insights from customer research, competitive intelligence, and internal data to deliver solutions that directly address customer and business pain points.You are a communicator and leader, able to share your product roadmap and vision clearly and convincingly.You understand the power of experimentation and can help set up experiments and feedback loops to know whether we delivered the results that we planned for.What You Will Do: You will: Own all aspects of product management for a product or business line, ensuring product OKRs are met or exceeded.Serve as a product expert, working closely with stakeholders, customers and business partners to create innovative workplace-as-a-service solutions from concept to completion.Be responsible for product success by setting, measuring and achieving product goals.Run A/B tests and other experiments to constantly improve KPIs.Lead customer/market research efforts and translate data into insights.Build product frameworks, roadmaps and processes that empower other teams to execute with clarity and efficiency.Build product marketing and training materials for marketing and sales.Help us grow an incredible product culture.Qualifications:At least 3-4 years working on customer-facing products in real estate, retail, events, or workplace with an emphasis on customer research and insights.Proven ability to articulate, measure and improve KPIs. Experience with business intelligence tools and data analysis a major plus.Strong understanding of how to conduct user researchPerks:In addition to our incredible team, there are lots of other fun reasons to work with us. Daily breakfast, snacks, coffee, tea, and drinks at all Industrious locationsHealth care, including vision and dental401K planSmart casual dress codeGenerous vacation timePaid parental leaveTeam outings (ex. Dinners, rock climbing, yoga classes and more!)Company-wide outings and retreats (previous locations have included New Orleans & the Hamptons)Industrious in the News:Industrious raises $80 million to double coworking sites in 2018Industrious Raises $80M in Funding Co-Led by Fifth Wall, RiverwoodIs Industrious Like A Four Seasons? CEO Hodari Seems to Think SoBlackstone's EQ Office Brings New Coworking Model to Howard Hughes CenterIndustrious is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to equal treatment of all employees and applicants without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis protected by law."
3186435921 0 97.581 3.4 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Internet" "$500 million to $1 billion (USD) per year" "The Role:You will provide holistic leadership to a cross-functional and highly skilled Product team of Analysts, Scientists, Engineers, business experts and others in a fast moving, multi-disciplinary environment and take ownership in iteratively evolving and improving our Marketing solutions as we look to add scalability to our business. The Marketing Optimization team is responsible for attracting through paid adverting new relevant users to our platform and engaging already existing customers. All this, at an ever-increasing scale, to fuel the success of our platform. The Ranking team is responsible for providing personalized search results to allow each user to discover relevant products among the hundred of thousand products in Farfech's catalogueWe want you to turn our mission from vision to reality, working from the beginning to the end of product building, from new disruptive ideas to detailed iterations. This is a client-facing role working creatively and pragmatically with teams across the Marketing department to address challenges and provide solutions. What you’ll do:You will work with Data Science and Engineering teams within Marketing as well as business stakeholders to deliver business value company-wide.You will seamlessly integrate the Marketing Data strategy into the overall Marketing plan and share learnings and best practice guides with key stakeholders across the businessYou will champion a test and learn approach to identify and optimise existing users desires, new opportunities and maximise business value You will define and track metrics to measure effectiveness and identify the leading indicators that prove we are meeting our desired outcomesYou will distil the vision and strategy to the team so that all team members embrace and champion the visionYou will identify new missions and objectives, lead and manage the creation and maintenance of the roadmaps and understand how the team can achieve its goals, by leading the team to be able to identify opportunities, which will drive significant business impactClearly communicate product plans, benefits and results, as appropriate, to a spectrum of audiences, from internal stakeholders to all employeesWho you are:You have a background in Product Management and are experienced in working with technical teams and numerous stakeholdersYou have a technical background either in Engineering or Data ScienceYou are able to manage multiple tasks/priorities simultaneously, respond to work with urgency and understand deadlinesYou have excellent planning, organisational and communication skillsYou are able to easily build relationships with the different players of the business, at different levels of the organization (from C-Level to Analyst) in addition to the ability to influence change in stakeholdersYou are a strategic thinker with an emphasis on operational and commercial excellenceYou have a flexible, approachable attitude with good problem-solving skills You are comfortable dealing with ambiguity and scoping work with keen attention to detail"
3189016654 1 115.378 3.8 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "An Career with Point72’s MI Research – Customer Success Point72’s Market Intelligence Data group (MI Data) is a service-focused business committed to driving high quality fundamental research powered by advanced data analytics to help inform investment decisions at Point72. We value simplicity, transparency, collaboration, and quality in our process, products, and Long-/Short- investment team interactions  MI Research – Customer Success works to continuously improve Market Intelligence Data products to better match data and analysis to the underlying business, interacts with fundamental Long-/Short- investment teams, sets goals and measures MI Research’s performance against those, ensures product quality, and manages research operations. What you’ll do As a Customer Success - Business Intelligence Technical Product Manager, you will work on managing Market Intelligence's performance metrics used by senior management to track progress against our goals (e.g. usage of our proprietary research). You will also learn about other aspects of data-driven investment research, and support research operations. You will: Work with senior management to define meaningful metrics to drive business decisionsWork closely with end users across Market Intelligence to understand their needsManage the Market Intelligence Metrics long term roadmap and daily operationsPartner with other teams within Point72 to build and manage data pipelinesWork with developers and create unified technical system architecture for metrics platformAnalyze metrics and provide strategic and operational recommendations to leadershipSupport the research operations team, and learn about data-driven investment researchWhat’s requiredBachelor’s degree in quantitative discipline, business, accounting, finance, engineering, computer science, mathematics or similar disciplineExceptional attention to detailStrong project and process management skillsStrong programming skills in Python and SQL, including ability to write and debug Python API callsStrong written and verbal communication skills and a proven ability to collaborate with others2-4 years of relevant experienceAn ideal candidate would have:Experience defining and managing Key Performance Indicators and metrics in business intelligenceExperience creating visualizations and dashboards for metrics (e.g., in Tableau)Experience as a product manager or project manager in software, or business analyticsWe take care of our people We invest in our people, their careers, their health, and their well-being. We want you to concentrate on success and leave the rest to us. When you work here, we provide: Fully-paid health care benefitsGenerous parental and family leave policiesMental and physical wellness programsTuition assistanceA 401(k) savings program with an employer match and more"
3189024243 0 78.855 4.3 "201 to 500 employees" "Enterprise Software & Network Solutions" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Addepar tracks investments across thousands of advisors, investors, legal entities, custody banks, and private funds. Our product is at the center of the financial advisor's workflows for the top wealth managers in the world.As a Product Analyst, you would take the lead in understanding our users and how they use our product, providing insights to guide product and business decisions. You would own defining how we measure our users' activity, performing deep dives into the data leading to insights about our users, and presenting analyses in compelling ways. The types of analyses will involve understanding use of new or experimental features, understanding the financial instruments and our users model, and measuring user engagement with our platform. You will work with our product, engineering and operations teams to prioritize what infrastructure we build to enable these analyses across multiple systems and data stores. We are looking for someone who will take ownership and pro-actively work with multiple teams to provide both ad hoc and automated in-depth analyses.ResponsibilitiesAnalyze Addepar's data sets based on the requirements of Product to help guide product and business strategyAdvocate and evangelize for internal practices to drive data-driven decision makingDevelop and own methodology for enabling self-service analytics and tracking, prioritizing, and supporting ad-hoc analytics requestsDefine and collaborate with engineering to execute the roadmap for our product analytics infrastructureCollaborate with product management and product marketing to execute voice of the customer programs such as NPSWork with product engineering teams to develop new data measurement to aid in understanding our product's usage and performanceDevelop an understanding of Addepar's various systems and data stores to enable analyticsProduce high-quality written collateral that can be used in a client-facing settingIndependently perform analysis on Addepar's data sets to come up with insights to help inform productRequirementsDegree in Math, Physics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, or other quantitative field4+ years of experience doing product analytics for a software product companyUnderstanding of statistical analysis, experiment design, and common pitfalls of data analysisA self-starter that can drive projects forward with minimal guidanceStrong communication ability to gather requirements from stakeholders and convey your analysis and top level findings to different internal partiesFluency in SQL, Git, JIRA, and tracking solutions (i.e. Segment.io) Experience with cloud native business intelligence and database tools like Looker, Periscope, Redshift and SnowflakePython/RETL experienceAddepar is a leading provider of technology for the wealth management industry. The companys performance reporting and analytics platform aggregates portfolio, market, and client data all in one place. It provides asset owners and advisors a clearer financial picture at every level, allowing them to make more informed and timely investment decisions. Addepar works with leading financial advisors, family offices, and large financial institutions that manage over $1.3 trillion of assets on the companys platform. In 2018, Addepar was named as a Forbes Fintech 50 and received Morgan Stanley's Fintech Award for making significant impact to the firms mission of continuous innovation. Addepar is headquartered in Silicon Valley and has offices in New York City, Chicago, and Salt Lake City."
3189571154 0 161 3.1 "10000+ employees" "Membership Organizations" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "The RoleThe Member Experience mission at WeWork delivers experiences that create intelligent spaces & connected, consciously-engineered communities to make people happier and more productive at work. We create products to foster a sense of community in our digital and physical spaces, enable increased productivity for our members, and evolve the ways in which members connect within the community.  As a Senior Data Scientist in the Member Experience mission, you will lead the strategy and execution for challenging data science initiatives in member support, hospitality services, onboarding, content discovery and community formation. Through these efforts, you will directly influence the broader strategy of our mission and inform our product roadmap.  At WeWork, Data Scientists are exceptional at identifying problems and coming up with effective data-informed solutions. We are not dogmatic about specific methodologies - for any given problem, a Data Scientist may borrow tools from any variety of quantitative disciplines to drive the greatest impact.  Data Scientists in Member Experience are embedded with product teams, so you will work closely with product, engineering and design leadership to shape the future of our products.Who You AreYou are passionate about generating hypotheses for business and product problemsYou're motivated to enable collaboration with other data scientists, and product, engineering and design teamsYou have the proven ability to initiate projects with many moving parts and drive them to completionYou are highly analytical and enjoy breaking down large problems into smaller solvable componentsYou feel energized by a fast-paced work environmentYou have excellent communication and storytelling skillsResponsibilitiesDevelop research questions and explore a large variety of data sources to understand who our users are and what they care aboutIdentify strategic opportunities to evolve our product roadmap by analyzing behavioral and usage dataPerform quantitative user research, product analytics and experimentation to inform product developmentWork with partners and stakeholders to formulate quantitative and measurable objectives that have an impact on the business and our productsDevelop and instill best practices for experimentation, research and analytics within the team and with partner groupsActively contribute to planning and goal setting in collaboration with partner groupsProvide technical mentorship and hands-on guidance to more junior team membersRequirementsYou have 8+ years of experience in data scienceYou have 2+ years of experience with scoping, leading and executing complex long-term projectsYou are comfortable using SQL for data munging, exploration, and analysisYou know how to tell a story using tools like Tableau, matplotlib or ggplotYou have experience using R or Python for data analysis and can write clean, reusable codeYou have experience mentoring and coaching more junior scientistsYou have knowledge of one or multiple of the following areas: statistical analysis, research methods, machine learning, network modeling, data visualization, quantitative behavioral scienceNice to HaveAdvanced degree (Ph.D. or M.S.) in a quantitative field, e.g. mathematics, computer science, economics, operations research, engineering, quantitative social scienceExperience in product analytics, user modeling or experimentationExperience working at a fast-growing organizationPassion for quantifying user engagement, satisfaction and productivity WeWork is the platform for creators, providing hundreds of thousands of members across the globe space, community, and services that enable them to do what they love and craft their life's work. Our mission is to build a world where people work to make a life, not just a living, and our own team members are central to that goal.  We are building software for physical space that uses data and technology at each point in the building process, such that it can make better sourcing decisions, improve its designs, build faster and smarter, and ultimately improve the lives of the people working within its buildings.  Our state of the art technologies and dedication to technological innovation are key reasons why WeWork has been able to scale from operating one workspace location to more than 425 in just over nine years.  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.Apply now!"
3189571168 1 125.81 3 "10000+ employees" "Membership Organizations" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "The RoleThe Member Experience mission at WeWork delivers experiences that create intelligent spaces & connected, consciously-engineered communities to make people happier and more productive at work. We build products to foster a sense of community in our digital and physical spaces, enable increased productivity for our members, and evolve the ways in which members connect within the community.  As a Data Scientist in the Member Experience mission, you will help our team to understand the needs of our members, analyze how our users engage with our products, and design and evaluate experiments to test new product experiences. Through insights, you will craft narratives that influence the strategy of our mission and inform our product roadmaps.  At WeWork, Data Scientists are exceptional at identifying problems and coming up with effective data-informed solutions. We are not dogmatic about specific methodologies - for any given problem, a Data Scientist may borrow tools from any variety of quantitative disciplines to drive the greatest impact.  Data Scientists in Member Experience are embedded with product teams, so you will work closely with product managers, engineers, designers and researchers to shape the future of our products.Who You AreYou are passionate about generating hypotheses for business and product problemsYou thrive in a collaborative and dynamic environmentYou have the proven ability to initiate projects and drive them to completionYou are highly analytical and enjoy breaking down large problems into smaller solvable componentsYou have excellent communication and storytelling skillsResponsibilitiesDevelop research questions and explore a large variety of data sources to understand who our members are and what they care aboutIdentify significant opportunities to evolve our product roadmap by analyzing behavioral and usage dataDevelop experimentation methodology; and launch, monitor, and evaluate experiments and A/B testsWork with partners and stakeholders to formulate quantitative and measurable objectives that have an impact on the business and our productsRequirementsYou have 5+ years of experience in data science or quantitative user researchYou are comfortable using SQL for data munging, exploration, and analysisYou know how to tell a story using tools like Tableau, matplotlib or ggplotYou have experience using R or Python for data analysis and can write clean, reusable codeYou have knowledge of one or multiple of the following areas: data mining, statistical analysis, research methods, machine learning, hypothesis testing, network modeling, data visualization, quantitative behavioral scienceNice to HaveAdvanced degree (Ph.D. or M.S.) in a quantitative field, e.g. mathematics, computer science, economics, operations research, engineering, quantitative social scienceExperience in product analytics, user modeling or experimentationExperience working at a fast-growing organizationPassion for quantifying human behavior, satisfaction and productivity WeWork is the platform for creators, providing hundreds of thousands of members across the globe space, community, and services that enable them to do what they love and craft their life's work. Our mission is to build a world where people work to make a life, not just a living, and our own team members are central to that goal.  We are building software for physical space that uses data and technology at each point in the building process, such that it can make better sourcing decisions, improve its designs, build faster and smarter, and ultimately improve the lives of the people working within its buildings.  Our state of the art technologies and dedication to technological innovation are key reasons why WeWork has been able to scale from operating one workspace location to more than 425 in just over nine years.  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.Apply now!"
3192593609 0 76.803 3 "10000+ employees" "Membership Organizations" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "About the Role The Legal Systems Analyst serves as a primary contact for any questions related to how systems work from both a business and technical perspective. The analyst partners with business liaisons to translate software requirements into technical specifications and partners with software vendors to design and configure Legal SaaS and application systems. This team member will work collaboratively with Legal and Corp Technology WeWork team members to also learn and support applications such as the Legal Contract Management system, BluePrint (entity management system), DocuSign, SimpleLegal and the Document Management solution.  The analyst also performs basic cost-benefit calculations, project plans, interdependency analysis, and prioritization exercises related to systems changes. The analyst supports the Legal Systems manager in implementing new systems, upgrading and supporting current systems, merging duplicate systems and integrating multiple systems. Job Responsibilities:Partners with the legal team and technical teams to understand and define system goals and technical system requirementsSupports and administers legal systems including but not limited to Contract Management, Document Management, BluePrint, SimpleLegal, DocuSignLiaise between legal/business and technical teams, analyze and elicit requirements, prepare comprehensive documentation and act as a facilitatorCreates technical specifications and processes using structured analysis (e.g. flow charts, epics/stories, etc.)Partners with software vendors to fully leverage all features and functionsParticipates in system and user acceptance testing effortsBuilds standards, processes and procedures, and guidelines for business usersSupports activities associated with merging teams, people, and processes into standard enterprise systems.Assists legal users to evaluate cost-benefit and ROI analysesUnderstands system interdependencies and collaborates with project teams accordinglyQualifications:Bachelors in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or related and 3+ years of relevant legal systems experienceAbility to adapt quickly to new technologies and changing business requirementsAbility to quickly troubleshoot problems that may arise in systemsAbility to partner with software vendors, infrastructure engineers to identify course of resolutionsExcellent analytical and problem solving skillsExcellent project management and prioritization skillsStrong communication skillsIn-depth understanding of iterative software development methodologiesDemonstrated experience writing software requirement specifications and test specificationsApply now!"
3194657639 0 88.618 3.4 "501 to 1000 employees" "IT Services" "$50 to $100 million (USD) per year" " The ETL Developer will work closely with the Product Owner, Scrum Master, ETL Developers and various business stakeholders to support and provide quality of delivery for clients data extraction, transformation and load needs through the development of new and/or enhancement of existing routines, or the management of contractor-sourced resources. Also implement quality control and audit practices to ensure continuous improvement of clients assets.  Duties and Responsibilities: Work with various business stakeholders to identify their information needs. Work with data architecture team to understand the source and target data models. Work closely with cross-functional business and business intelligence teams to document ETL requirements and turn them into ETL jobs. Develop and be a proponent for Data Warehouse development standards, including ETL standards and best practices. Provide documentation for all developed ETL processes, including process flow and source and target mapping. Minimum of 5 years of experience in ETL development in business intelligence/data integration projects.5+ years of experience working with Informatica, GoldenGate, etc.5+ years of experience working with Relational Databases like Teradata, Vertica, Oracle, SQL Server, etc.3+ years of experience working with Unix Shell Scripts"
3194755701 0 91.924 3.9 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Job Purpose/RoleAllianz Global Investors is looking for a motivated individual to join our team in New York as a Data Analyst covering our Investment function. The role will be responsible for the analysis of data sets utilised by the Global Investment Platform at Allianz Global Investors as part of the Investment Data Analysis team within the Global CIO (Chief Investment Officer) Office. The Global CIO Office is a business management function supporting the Investment Platform at Allianz Global Investors.Key Responsibilities Represent the Investment Platform on key AllianzGI data related strategic, operational and regulatory driven projects Data Analysis focused on optimising data utilisation across the Global Investment Platform (including but not limited to analysis of market data, firm reference data, firm-generated data, meta data) Meta Data Analysis and market data vendor cross-mapping - detailed analysis of data sets describing other data sets to automate data on-boarding and catalogue creation Data Automation for Investment Professionals - consultation and implementation of automation of data tasks for the Global Investment Platform Data Set Evaluation - consultation for the firm's Investment Professionals when there is demand for data• Data Governance - implementation of data governance best practice Data Quality analysis and rule set creation - ongoing analysis of data quality metrics, implementation of new data quality rules and working with data users to agree workflow for data quality problems Data Tooling specification, scoping and build - developing custom tooling as required to deal with data analysis, cataloguing or wrangling Primarily based in New York, but will travel to Europe as needed toKey Requirements/Skills/ExperienceRequired:  Strong academic track record with a BA/BS or an advanced degree Significant experience of working with data within an Investment Management environment Ability to problem-solve and think critically and independently Excellent analytical skillset with a core focus on data analysis and data wrangling Strong written communication (including presentations) skillset with high proficiency in English Strong verbal communication skillset with an ability to explain complex topics simply Strong programming skills with working experience of at least two of Python, SQL or RPreferred: Expert-level proficiency with everyday workplace tools like MS Office, VBA, etc. Microsoft Azure suite experience Data science experience Investment data lifecycle and Investment lifecycle knowledge advantageous Market data analysis / management experience a plus Project Management skills / experience is beneficial Good fit to team dynamic Motivated to help others realise value from data German or French language skills a plusAdditional InformationAllianz is the home for those who dare – a supportive place where you can take the initiative to grow and to actively strengthen our global leadership position. By truly caring about people – both its 88 million private and corporate customers and more than 140,000 employees – Allianz fosters a culture where its employees are empowered to collaborate, perform, embrace trends and challenge the industry. Our main ambition is to be our customers’ trusted partner, instilling them with the confidence to grow. If you dare, join us at Allianz Group.  Allianz is an equal opportunity employer. Everybody is welcome, regardless of other characteristics such as gender, age, origin, nationality, race or ethnicity, religion, disability, or sexual orientation."
3196186517 0 82.957 3.8 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "We’re looking for problem-solvers with strong statistics backgrounds and coding experience starting in July. In our 12-month full-time training program, you’ll learn to be a front-office Point72 Discretionary Data Scientist – and get paid competitively along the way. A Career with Point72’s Academy  We are creating the future of finance, starting with how we train our data science professionals – and that starts with the Point72 Data Science Academy. In this 12-month full-time program, we will teach you everything you need to know to be a front-office Point72 Discretionary Data Scientist – and pay you competitively along the way. After graduating from the Academy, you will be placed in a permanent role on an investing team.  What you’ll do  You will learn the skills you need to work directly with a Portfolio Manager and their team of Investment Analysts to connect the dots between fundamental research and data. We’ll train you in fundamental investing as you help your colleagues better understand data science – the process, insights, and application. You will see the direct effect of your work through impact on profit. Academics – You will learn about data engineering best practices and applied statistical techniques. You’ll also develop expertise in fundamental research through the Point72 Academy curriculum for investment professionals.Apprenticeship – You will work with our Portfolio Managers and Analysts to develop insights in support of their investment processes.Mentorship – You will join Point72’s internal network of data scientists and data engineers who will advise you throughout the program and beyond as you begin your career on a discretionary investment team. What’s required  We’re looking for problem-solvers with strong math backgrounds and coding experience. You must be eager to learn, open-minded, and excited to find new ways to apply data science methods and insights. Undergraduate degree (or above) is required. 1-3 years of working experience, preferably in a role that requires the use of data is a plus.Math background through at least Linear Algebra. Additional background in applied statistical methods is highly desirable.Evidence of self-sufficient coding expertise, through work product or extra-curricular interest, in Python or Ruby. SQL, R, and additional languages are a plus. Formal education in programming is not required.Interest in helping differing skill sets understand data science.Strong written and verbal communication skills and the ability to collaborate well with others.Fierce commitment to integrity.Self-motivated, mature, and eager to learn.Exceptional critical and analytic thinking ability.Demonstrated passion for problem-solving, no matter the discipline. We take care of our people  We invest in our people, their careers, their health, and their well-being. We want you to concentrate on success and leave the rest to us. When you work here, we provide: Fully-paid health care benefitsGenerous parental and family leave policiesMental and physical wellness programsTuition assistanceA 401(k) savings program with an employer match and more About Point72  Point72 is a global asset management firm led by Steven Cohen that uses Discretionary Long/Short, Macro, and Systematic strategies to invest in ten offices across the globe. We look for people who want to build a career with us – people who want to innovate, experiment, and be the best at what they do – while adhering to the highest ethical standards."
3219453021 0 120.349 4.2 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Enterprise Software & Network Solutions" "$500 million to $1 billion (USD) per year" " Medidata is leading the digital transformation of life sciences with the world's most-used platform for clinical development, commercial and real-world data. Powered by artificial intelligence and delivered by #1 ranked industry experts, the Intelligent Platform for Life Sciences helps pharmaceutical, biotech, medical device companies and academic researchers accelerate value, minimize risk and optimize outcomes. Medidata serves more than 1,000 customers and partners worldwide and empowers more than 100,000 certified users every day to create hope for millions of patients. Discover the future of life sciences: www.medidata.com  We know that diverse teams win and are fully committed to selecting leaders and employees that represent the markets in which we operate. We are still led by our Co-founders, Tarek Sherif and Glen de Vries, and have global operations in US, Europe and Asia with over 2000 employees. Your Mission: The Sr. Business Analyst will play a leading role in synthesizing sales data into meaningful business outcomes for Sales leadership. Responsible for creating and owning the sales processes that deliver regular reports and historical trend analysis, identifying challenge areas, and tracking progress against key performance indicators (KPIs). Your Competencies:Own and develop the sales process that delivers regular reports to Sales stakeholders.Create and manage Sales reports using SFDC, Tableau, and Microsoft Excel.Liaise between Sales and Technology teams to ensure that supporting systems meet the requirements of Sales.Identify challenge and opportunity areas based on historical trend analysis using multiple sales dimensions including time, segment, geo, and product.Track progress against key performance indicators (KPIs) and make recommendations against lagging metrics.Present findings to Sales Operations and Sales Go-To-Market leadership.Work across teams to implement processes as needed.Work with Sales Enablement to present and/or communicate new processes and reports as needed.Your Education & Experience:5+ years’ experience in a sales operations or financial analysis role.Highly analytical and detail oriented with the ability to translate data into business insights.Highly proficient in SFDC, Tableau, Microsoft Excel and Powerpoint.Ability to work independently with little direction.Strong organization, communication, and inter-personal skills.Bachelor’s degree or equivalent required.Experience in using SQL, SAS, R to access data and analyze for reporting a plusExperience in the creation of DataSources a plus Medidata is making a real difference in the lives of patients everywhere by accelerating critical drug and medical device development, enabling life-saving drugs and medical devices to get to market faster. Our products sit at the convergence of the Technology and Life Sciences industries, one of most exciting areas for global innovation. Nine of the top 10 best-selling drugs in 2017 were developed on the Medidata platform.  Medidata’s solutions have powered over 14,000 clinical trials giving us the largest collection of clinical trial data in the world. With this asset, we pioneer innovative, advanced applications and intelligent data analytics, bringing an unmatched level of quality and efficiency to clinical trials enabling treatments to reach waiting patients sooner. EEO StatementUS: Medidata Solutions, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Medidata Solutions provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by the law. Medidata Solutions complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities."
3221969503 0 120.352 3.2 "10000+ employees" "Membership Organizations" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" " WeWork is the platform for creators, providing hundreds of thousands of members around the world with space, community, and services that enable them to do what they love and create their life's work. Our mission is to create a world where people work to make a life, not just a living, and our own team members are central to that goal.  Our team's mission is to empower WeWork buildings to operate at maximum efficiency through the use of technology, systems and tools.We are looking for a senior data professional to join our Global Building Technology team supporting our Building Operations departments. The ideal candidate will work closely with Regional and Global leaders to understand data needs, advise on system configuration, lead data ingestion into data warehouses, create comprehensive reports, and drive overall data and reporting strategy for Building Technology group.Duties and Responsibilities:Work with department leaders to understand data and reporting needsWork with data engineering teams to integrate operations systems into WeWorks data warehouse for analysisWork with Building Technology team and external vendors to develop system reportingAdvise on data related technology/system configurationsDrive overall reporting strategy for Building Technology teamPerform deep-dive analysis to answer complex questions, deliver insights on the root causes of issues, and make recommendations on how to best monitor and address themProvide data, reporting, dashboards, models, forecasts and insights for Building Technology team, focused on improving global building operationsCreate and monitor budgets and financial forecastsCreate and maintain dashboards to monitor system uptimeKey Qualifications:5+ years of experience working as a data analyst, dashboard designer, or similar roleExpertise in excel and advanced excel formulasExperience with data warehouse solutions (Redshift, Snowflake) requiredExperience with Tableau, Looker and/or other reporting/data manipulation tools requiredStrong financial management and budgeting skillsExcellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group of executives, managers, and subject matter expertsAbility to prioritize, manage multiple projects, and execute in a fast-paced and dynamic environment with a strong work ethic and ownership mentalityAbility to break down complex problems into pieces that can be solved with data, analysis, assumptions, and judgementExpertise in Microsoft Office (and Google Suite) applicationsBS/BA in a technical fieldExperience with programming languages (eg: Python) a plusApply now!"
3223783825 0 91.924 4 "1001 to 5000 employees" "Investment Banking & Asset Management" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Job Purpose/RoleAllianz Global Investors is looking for a motivated individual to join our team in New York as a Data Analyst covering our Investment function. The role will be responsible for the analysis of data sets utilised by the Global Investment Platform at Allianz Global Investors as part of the Investment Data Analysis team within the Global CIO (Chief Investment Officer) Office. The Global CIO Office is a business management function supporting the Investment Platform at Allianz Global Investors.Key Responsibilities Represent the Investment Platform on key AllianzGI data related strategic, operational and regulatory driven projects Data Analysis focused on optimising data utilisation across the Global Investment Platform (including but not limited to analysis of market data, firm reference data, firm-generated data, meta data) Meta Data Analysis and market data vendor cross-mapping - detailed analysis of data sets describing other data sets to automate data on-boarding and catalogue creation Data Automation for Investment Professionals - consultation and implementation of automation of data tasks for the Global Investment Platform Data Set Evaluation - consultation for the firm's Investment Professionals when there is demand for data• Data Governance - implementation of data governance best practice Data Quality analysis and rule set creation - ongoing analysis of data quality metrics, implementation of new data quality rules and working with data users to agree workflow for data quality problems Data Tooling specification, scoping and build - developing custom tooling as required to deal with data analysis, cataloguing or wrangling Primarily based in New York, but will travel to Europe as needed toKey Requirements/Skills/ExperienceRequired:  Strong academic track record with a BA/BS or an advanced degree Significant experience of working with data within an Investment Management environment Ability to problem-solve and think critically and independently Excellent analytical skillset with a core focus on data analysis and data wrangling Strong written communication (including presentations) skillset with high proficiency in English Strong verbal communication skillset with an ability to explain complex topics simply Strong programming skills with working experience of at least two of Python, SQL or RPreferred: Expert-level proficiency with everyday workplace tools like MS Office, VBA, etc. Microsoft Azure suite experience Data science experience Investment data lifecycle and Investment lifecycle knowledge advantageous Market data analysis / management experience a plus Project Management skills / experience is beneficial Good fit to team dynamic Motivated to help others realise value from data German or French language skills a plusAdditional InformationAllianz is the home for those who dare – a supportive place where you can take the initiative to grow and to actively strengthen our global leadership position. By truly caring about people – both its 88 million private and corporate customers and more than 140,000 employees – Allianz fosters a culture where its employees are empowered to collaborate, perform, embrace trends and challenge the industry. Our main ambition is to be our customers’ trusted partner, instilling them with the confidence to grow. If you dare, join us at Allianz Group.  Allianz is an equal opportunity employer. Everybody is welcome, regardless of other characteristics such as gender, age, origin, nationality, race or ethnicity, religion, disability, or sexual orientation."
3223978649 1 120.513 4 "201 to 500 employees" "Internet" "Unknown / Non-Applicable" "Minimum Experience: 5 yearsType: Full TimeWho we are: We are Dataminr. We deliver real-time, actionable alerts that are derived from vast amounts of publicly available data. Our groundbreaking AI-enabled platform cuts through the noise in an increasingly complex landscape by detecting, classifying, and determining the significance of public information. Our culture promotes cross team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it enables us to do our best work and have fun. We've grown to over 450 talented employees across six global offices, attained unicorn status after our recent investment round, and been referred to as the \"super tool of journalists and hedge funds.\"  We are a mission-driven company committed to the power of real-time information as a force for good in the world. Who you are: You're an experienced Senior Analyst interested in helping us analyze and deliver insights from our product data and sales pipelines. You have stood up BI solutions before, you know what questions to ask, what the leading BI platforms require and how to optimize workflows to streamline business processes. You're proficient at SQL and proprietary BI platform environments, you have experience with cloud-based architectures, analytics data structures and data quality. You work well with Data Analyst partners, are comfortable leading technical BI discussions, know when and how to make decisions and you enjoy mentoring and helping others. The opportunity: You'll be using a combination of 3rd party and homegrown BI tooling to help our business and product teams learn from our data. In this role, you'll help us build and evolve the BI solutions, working with our 3rd party vendor and other teams across engineering, product, finance, marketing, sales and customer success.  In the first month, you'll start off by learning the ropes, spending time with different parts of the company to understand how Dataminr works.get up to speed on our BI tech stack and data structures with overview sessions and deep dives with your team.contribute code to production systems. Within 3 months, you'll: share responsibility for BI tooling with other members of your team.help to plan new features and improvements.begin to take more of a role in helping others understand our BI strategy. Within 6 months, you'll: own an area of the BI stack.design BI features that impact multiple teams.be influential in helping plan the next iterations of our BI tooling.bring new ideas to our engineering and BI processes to help us improve constantly.Why you should work here: We recognize and reward hard work with:  Competitive compensation package including company equity. Paid benefits for employees and their dependents, including medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance401 (k) savings plan with company matching.Flexible spending account for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking, and dependent care expenses.  We want you to be your best, authentic self and support you with: A diverse, driven, and passionate team of coworkers who want you to succeed.Opportunities to own and drive critical projectsIndividual Learning and Development fund and professional trainingGenerous leave and flexible hoursDaily catered lunch and a fully stocked kitchenAnd More! Dataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.#LI-ID"
3224131802 0 90.199 3.4 "51 to 200 employees" "Music Production & Distribution" "$100 to $500 million (USD) per year" " Company DescriptionIngrooves is a leading global music marketing and distribution company. We provide labels and artists with a global team of experts and a powerful technology framework, giving them transparent distribution tools and marketing solutions to maximize revenue in today’s dynamic music marketplace. By embracing data science and continually updating its offerings, Ingrooves is redefining the modern music company.Job DescriptionThis is an execution and delivery-oriented, highly visible role in the Insights & Analytics team with primary responsibility for building, testing, and validating scalable machine learning models that drive business-relevant insight generation. This includes the development of project plans, handling of potential issues and risks, collaborating constructively with project team members, providing effective cross-functional communication, and advancing multiple projects at once.  The successful candidate will report directly to the EVP of Insights & Analytics and will be based at our New York, New York office. Key Responsibilities:Design, build, and deploy machine learning models at scaleCollaborate closely with product teams to provide high-level AI-driven services for music content ownersIntegrate with external and internal APIs and data sources to augment music consumption data to uncover shifting market trends, new opportunities, operational efficiencies and revenue streamsCreate data-rich informative visuals and documents to articulate and convey complex concepts to executive leadership team and label partnersContribute to and enable a positive work environment which highly encourages creative input and constructive criticism from all team membersOther duties as determined by the EVP of Insights & Analytics QualificationsMinimum Requirements:Earned graduate degree (Ph.D.) in a highly quantitative discipline (e.g., machine learning, statistics, computer science, applied mathematics, theoretical physics, physical chemistry, econometrics) Strong record of peer-reviewed scientific publications and/or patents, with at least one publication and/or patent involving the development or application of machine learning algorithms  Key Qualifications & Experience:3+ years of experience developing machine learning models to deliver robust predictions and inferencesDemonstrated experience scaling machine learning up to logistically challenging data sets (e.g. leveraging the Hadoop ecosystem, distributed deep model training, etc.)Strong software development skills, with demonstrated ability to implement inferential and predictive models. Experience with Python + relevant data science and deep learning libraries preferredExperience with AWS (i.e., EC2, S3, RDS, Redshift, EMR) or similar cloud computing services Excellent communication and exposition skills with the ability to explain and present complex analyses and machine learning concepts to a broad audience, both technical and non-technical, in EnglishDemonstrated ability to work creatively and deliver within highly collaborative work environments while remaining product-focused Additional InformationSuccess at IngroovesBusiness Acumen The successful candidate aligns with the Ingrooves culture by being solution-oriented, collaborative, leveraging best practices, and possessing a passion for both technology and music. What this means: You care about success and moving your team forward.    Interpersonal/Communication Skills The successful candidate will be open minded, with a natural curiosity of their internal and external customers, delivery oriented with an understanding of the product development process. Builds and fosters strong relationships and effective partnerships with cross-functional teams. What this means:  You care about your teammates and clients.    Executing for Results The successful candidate will demonstrate the ability to generate and translate strategic plans into actions with timely execution and accountability. What this means: You have a strong work ethic.    Leadership/Collaboration Establishes and maintains positive working relationships, operates with integrity, influences and supports others, and remains open to ideas. What this means: Your teammates care about you.    Problem Solving The successful candidate will be tenacious and self-motivated and have a demonstrable record of resolving issues and providing effective solutions. Demonstrates an eagerness and ability to learn quickly and leverages a flexible mindset in response to shifting dynamics, adversity and/or change. What this means: You're efficient and intelligent.    Why work with us? We are passionate about developing dynamic solutions in a relaxed and engaged environment. Our people matter! And we have a fun, relaxed working environment (with great views, among other perks)!"
